CONSOLIDATED REVIEW - PRAYERS NEEDING PHELPS CODE ASSIGNMENT
[1] Prayer UUID: 

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (93 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [2] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [3] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [4] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [5] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [6] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [7] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [8] AB09794CHI (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord!  I am a child; enable me to grow beneath the shadow of Thy loving-kindness.  I am a tender plant; cause me to be nurtured through the outpourings of the clouds of Thy bounty.  I am a sapling of the garden of love; make me into a fruitful tree.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Loving, the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

  [9] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [10] BH05768 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I venture to make mention of Thee, I am held back by my mighty sins and grievous trespasses against Thee, and find myself wholly deprived of Thy grace, and utterly powerless to celebrate Thy praise.  My great confidence in Thy bounty, however, reviveth my hope in Thee, and my certitude that Thou wilt bountifully deal with me emboldeneth me to extol Thee, and to ask of Thee the things Thou dost possess.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds!

  [11] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [12] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [13] BH08604 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Whose nearness is my wish, Whose presence is my hope, Whose remembrance is my desire, Whose court of glory is my goal, Whose abode is my aim, Whose name is my healing, Whose love is the radiance of my heart, Whose service is my highest aspiration!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou hast enabled them that have recognized Thee to soar to the sublimest heights of the knowledge of Thee and empowered such as devoutly worship Thee to ascend into the precincts of the court of Thy holy favors, to aid me to turn my face towards Thy face, to fix mine eyes upon Thee, and to speak of Thy glory.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the God of Power, the Help in Peril, the All-Glorious, the Almighty.

  [14] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [15] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [16] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [17] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [18] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [19] AB10703RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord! Make this youth radiant and confer Thy bounty upon this poor creature. Bestow upon him knowledge, grant him added strength at the break of every morn and guard him within the shelter of Thy protection so that he may be freed from error, may devote himself to the service of Thy Cause, may guide the wayward, lead the hapless, free the captives and awaken the heedless, that all may be blessed with Thy remembrance and praise. Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

  [20] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [21] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [22] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [23] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [24] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [25] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [26] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [27] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [28] BH04421HEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Create in me a pure heart, O my God, and renew a tranquil conscience within me, O my Hope!  Through the spirit of power confirm Thou me in Thy Cause, O my Best-Beloved, and by the light of Thy glory reveal unto me Thy path, O Thou the Goal of my desire!  Through the power of Thy transcendent might lift me up unto the heaven of Thy holiness, O Source of my being, and by the breezes of Thine eternity gladden me, O Thou Who art my God!  Let Thine everlasting melodies breathe tranquillity on me, O my Companion, and let the riches of Thine ancient countenance deliver me from all except Thee, O my Master, and let the tidings of the revelation of Thine incorruptible Essence bring me joy, O Thou Who art the most manifest of the manifest and the most hidden of the hidden!

  [29] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [30] AB00431PIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lord!  Pitiful are we, grant us Thy favor; poor, bestow upon us a share from the ocean of Thy wealth;needy, do Thou satisfy us; abased, give us Thy glory.  The fowls of the air and the beasts of the field receive their meat each day from Thee and all beings partake of Thy care and loving kindness.
      Last:  Give us our daily bread and grant Thine increase in the necessities of life, that we may be dependent on none other than Thee, may commune wholly with Thee, may walk in Thy ways and declare Thy mysteries. Thou art the Almighty and the Loving and the Provider of all mankind.

  [31] BH03109KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God, exalted is He, the Lord of loving-kindness and bounty!
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Single, the Powerful, the Omniscient, the Bountiful.

  [32] AB02326 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  O Lord, my God! Lowly are these servants of Thine, exalt them in Thy kingdom on high; feeble, strengthen them by Thy supreme power; abased, bestow upon them Thy glory in Thine all-highest realm; poor, enrich them in Thy great dominion. Do Thou then ordain for them all the good Thou hast destined in Thy worlds, visible and invisible, prosper them in this world below, gladden their hearts with Thine inspiration, O Lord of all beings! Illumine their hearts with Thy joyful tidings diffused from Thine all-glorious Station, make firm their steps in Thy Most-Great Covenant and strengthen their loins in Thy firm Testament, by Thy bounty and promised grace, O Gracious and Merciful One! Thou art, verily, the Gracious, the All-Bountiful.

  [33] AB00949WIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  Graciously bestow a pair of heavenly wings unto each of these fledglings, and give them spiritual power that they may wing their flight through this limitless space and may soar to the heights of the Abhá Kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful; Thou art the Bestower and the All-Loving.

  [34] AB00073SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! We are servants of Thy Threshold, taking shelter at Thy holy Door. We seek no refuge save only this strong pillar, turn nowhere for a haven but unto Thy safekeeping. Protect us, bless us, support us, make us such that we shall love but Thy good pleasure, utter only Thy praise, follow only the pathway of truth, that we may become rich enough to dispense with all save Thee, and receive our gifts from the sea of Thy beneficence, that we may ever strive to exalt Thy Cause and to spread Thy sweet savors far and wide, that we may become oblivious of self and occupied only with Thee, and disown all else and be caught up in Thee.
      Last:  O Thou Provider, O Thou Forgiver! Grant us Thy grace and loving-kindness, Thy gifts and Thy bestowals, and sustain us, that we may attain our goal. Thou art the Powerful, the Able, the Knower, the Seer; and, verily, Thou art the Generous, and, verily, Thou art the All-Merciful, and, verily, Thou art the Ever-Forgiving, He to Whom repentance is due, He Who forgiveth even the most grievous of sins.

  [35] ABU0188TUR (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God! O my God! Verily, these servants are turning to Thee, supplicating Thy kingdom of mercy. Verily, they are attracted by Thy holiness and set aglow with the fire of Thy love, seeking confirmation from Thy wondrous kingdom, and hoping for attainment in Thy heavenly realm. Verily, they long for the descent of Thy bestowal, desiring illumination from the Sun of Reality. O Lord! Make them radiant lamps, merciful signs, fruitful trees and shining stars. May they come forth in Thy service and be connected with Thee by the bonds and ties of Thy love, longing for the lights of Thy favor. O Lord! Make them signs of guidance, standards of Thine immortal kingdom, waves of the sea of Thy mercy, mirrors of the light of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous. Verily, Thou art the Merciful. Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Beloved.

  [36] BB00004REN (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord, Thou Who hast brought into being all created things, through the power of Thy behest.
      Last:  Grant Thou, O Lord, that their hearts may, through allegiance to this, Thine inviolable Faith, grow stronger than anything else in the heavens and on earth and in whatsoever is between them; and strengthen, O Lord, their hands with the tokens of Thy wondrous power that they may manifest Thy power before the gaze of all mankind.

  [37] BH07105 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee, by Thy Most Great Name through which Thou didst stir up Thy servants and build up Thy cities, and by Thy most excellent titles, and Thy most august attributes, to assist Thy people to turn in the direction of Thy manifold bounties, and set their faces towards the Tabernacle of Thy wisdom.  Heal Thou the sicknesses that have assailed the souls on every side, and have deterred them from directing their gaze towards the Paradise that lieth in the shelter of Thy shadowing Name, which Thou didst ordain to be the King of all names unto all who are in heaven and all who are on earth.  Potent art Thou to do as pleaseth Thee.  In Thy hands is the empire of all names.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Wise.
      Last:  Thou art truly the Lord of this life and of the next.  Thou art, in truth, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

  [38] AB11605 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!  O God, my God!  Bestow upon me a pure heart, like unto a pearl.

  [39] AB04980HOP (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Thou art my Hope and my Beloved, my highest Aim and Desire!  With great humbleness and entire devotion I pray to Thee to make me a minaret of Thy love in Thy land, a lamp of Thy knowledge among Thy creatures, and a banner of divine bounty in Thy dominion.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the All-Powerful.

  [40] BB00147GRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord!  Provide for the speedy growth of the Tree of Thy divine Unity; water it then, O Lord, with the flowing waters of Thy good-pleasure, and cause it, before the revelations of Thy divine assurance, to yield such fruits as Thou desirest for Thy glorification and exaltation, Thy praise and thanksgiving, and to magnify Thy Name, to laud the oneness of Thine Essence and to offer adoration unto Thee, inasmuch as all this lieth within Thy grasp and in that of none other.
      Last:  Great is the blessedness of those whose blood Thou hast chosen wherewith to water the Tree of Thine affirmation, and thus to exalt Thy holy and immutable Word.

  [41] BH07663 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O Lord my God! Behold Thou mine eye expectant to gaze on the wonders of Thy mercy, and mine ear longing to hearken unto Thy sweet melodies, and my heart yearning for the living waters of Thy knowledge. Thou seest Thy handmaiden, O my God, standing before the habitation of Thy mercy, and calling upon Thee by Thy name which Thou hast chosen above all other names and set up over all that are in heaven and on earth. Send down upon her the breaths of Thy mercy, that she may be carried away wholly from herself, and be drawn entirely towards the seat which, resplendent with the glory of Thy face, sheddeth afar the radiance of Thy sovereignty, and is established as Thy throne. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there beside Thee, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

  [42] BB00018ANG (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  There is no one but Thee to allay the anguish of my soul, and Thou art my highest aspiration, O my God.  My heart is wedded to none save Thee and such as Thou dost love.  I solemnly declare that my life and death are both for Thee.  Verily Thou art incomparable and hast no partner.
      Last:  O my God!  I beseech Thee by the evidences of Thy favor, to let me draw nigh to the sublime heights of Thy holy presence, and protect me from inclining myself toward the subtle allusions of aught else but Thee.  Guide my steps, O my God, unto that which is acceptable and pleasing to Thee.  Shield me, through Thy might, from the fury of Thy wrath and chastisement, and hold me back from entering habitations not desired by Thee.

  [43] BH10231 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how the wrongs committed by such of Thy creatures as have turned their backs to Thee have come in between Him in Whom Thy Godhead is manifest and Thy servants.  Send down upon them, O my Lord, what will cause them to be busied with each others' concerns.  Let, then, their violence be confined to their own selves, that the land and they that dwell therein may find peace.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [44] BH05543 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I give Thee thanks inasmuch as Thou hast called me into being in Thy days, and infused into me Thy love and Thy knowledge.  I beseech Thee, by Thy name whereby the goodly pearls of Thy wisdom and Thine utterance were brought forth out of the treasuries of the hearts of such of Thy servants as are nigh unto Thee, and through which the Daystar of Thy name, the Compassionate, hath shed its radiance upon all that are in Thy heaven and on Thy earth, to supply me, by Thy grace and bounty, with Thy wondrous and hidden bounties.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds.

  [45] AB03461MAR (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Bahá’í marriage is union and cordial affection between the two parties.  They must, however, exercise the utmost care and become acquainted with each other's character.  This eternal bond should be made secure by a firm covenant, and the intention should be to foster harmony, fellowship and unity and to attain everlasting life.” —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  “We will, all, verily, abide by the Will of God.”

  [46] BH09809 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how Thy loved ones have been encompassed by the rebellious amongst Thy creatures and the wicked amidst Thy people.  No land remaineth but the lamentation of Thy lovers and the wailing of Thy chosen ones were lifted up therein.  I beseech Thee by Thy Most Great Name to draw forth the hand of power from the bosom of Thy might and to assist therewith all them that love Thee.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Informed.

  [47] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

  [48] AB07155WOM (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: My Lord! My Lord! I praise Thee and I thank Thee for that whereby Thou hast favored Thine humble maidservant, Thy slave beseeching and supplicating Thee, because Thou hast verily guided her unto Thine obvious Kingdom and caused her to hear thine exalted Call in the contingent world and to behold thy Signs which prove the appearance of Thy victorious reign over all things.
      Last:  O my Lord, I dedicate that which is in my womb unto Thee. Then cause it to be a praiseworthy child in Thy Kingdom and a fortunate one by Thy favor and Thy generosity; to develop and to grow up under the charge of Thine education. Verily, Thou art the Gracious! Verily, Thou art the Lord of Great Favor!

  [49] BB00147ORD (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Ordain for me, O my Lord, and for those who believe in Thee that which is deemed best for us in Thine estimation, as set forth in the Mother Book, for within the grasp of Thy hand Thou holdest the determined measures of all things.
      Last:  There is no power nor strength except in God, the Most Exalted, the Most Mighty.

  [50] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

  [51] BH08824 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified, O Lord my God, be Thy Name, whereby the trees of the garden of Thy Revelation have been clad with verdure, and been made to yield the fruits of holiness during this Springtime when the sweet savors of Thy favors and blessings have been wafted over all things, and caused them to bring forth whatsoever had been preordained for them in the Kingdom of Thine irrevocable decree and the Heaven of Thine immutable purpose. I beseech Thee by this very Name not to suffer me to be far from the court of Thy holiness, nor debarred from the exalted sanctuary of Thy unity and oneness.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XCVI

  [52] AB00156LOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou seest me, O my God, bowed down in lowliness, humbling myself before Thy commandments, submitting to Thy sovereignty, trembling at the might of Thy dominion, fleeing from Thy wrath, entreating Thy grace, relying upon Thy forgiveness, shaking with awe at Thy fury.  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart, with streaming tears and a yearning soul, and in complete detachment from all things, to make Thy lovers as rays of light across Thy realms, and to aid Thy chosen servants to exalt Thy Word, that their faces may turn beauteous and bright with splendor, that their hearts may be filled with mysteries, and that every soul may lay down its burden of sin.  Guard them then from the aggressor, from him who hath become a shameless and blasphemous doer of wrong.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art He of abounding grace.  There is none other God save Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Ever-Bestowing.

  [53] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [54] BH00593 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God our Lord!  Protect us through Thy grace from whatsoever may be repugnant unto Thee, and vouchsafe unto us that which well beseemeth Thee.  Give us more out of Thy bounty, and bless us.  Pardon us for the things we have done, and wash away our sins, and forgive us with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Most Exalted, the Self-Subsisting.
      Last:  Thou art the Sovereign Ruler, the Mighty Doer, the Exalted, the All-Loving.

  [55] BH09404 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified art Thou, O Lord of the entire creation, the One unto Whom all things must turn.  With my inner and outer tongues I bear witness that thou hast manifested and revealed Thyself, sent down Thy signs, and proclaimed Thy testimonies.  I testify to Thy self-sufficiency from aught else except Thee, and Thy sanctity above all earthly things.  I entreat Thee by the transcendent glory of Thy Cause and the supreme potency of Thy Word to grant confirmation unto him who desireth to offer what Thou hast prescribed unto him in Thy Book and to observe that which will shed forth the fragrance of Thine acceptance.  Verily Thou art the All-Mighty, the All-Gracious, the All-Forgiving, the All-Generous.

  [56] BB00015SUF (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Say: God sufficeth all things above all things, and nothing in the heavens or in the earth but God sufficeth.  Verily, He is in Himself the Knower, the Sustainer, the Omnipotent.

  [57] BH02848 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God and my Master!  I am Thy servant and the son of Thy servant. I have risen from my couch at this dawntide when the Daystar of Thy oneness hath shone forth from the Dayspring of Thy will, and hath shed its radiance upon the whole world, according to what had been ordained in the Books of Thy Decree.
      Last:  Thou art, truly, the Lord and King of all men, and art potent over all things.

  [58] BH03629GRI (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Dispel my grief by Thy bounty and Thy generosity, O God, my God, and banish mine anguish through Thy sovereignty and Thy might.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face set towards Thee at a time when sorrows have compassed me on every side.  I implore Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all being, and overshadowest all things visible and invisible, by Thy Name whereby Thou hast subdued the hearts and the souls of men, and by the billows of the Ocean of Thy mercy and the splendors of the Daystar of Thy bounty, to number me with them whom nothing whatsoever hath deterred from setting their faces toward Thee, O Thou Lord of all names and Maker of the heavens!
      Last:  And, finally, I beg of Thee by the light of Thy countenance to bless my affairs, and redeem my debts, and satisfy my needs.  Thou art He to Whose power and to Whose dominion every tongue hath testified, and Whose majesty and Whose sovereignty every understanding heart hath acknowledged.  No God is there but Thee, Who hearest and art ready to answer.

  [59] BH07683 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O King of eternity, and the Maker of nations, and the Fashioner of every moldering bone!  I pray Thee, by Thy Name through which Thou didst call all mankind unto the horizon of Thy majesty and glory, and didst guide Thy servants to the court of Thy grace and favors, to number me with such as have rid themselves from everything except Thyself, and have set themselves towards Thee, and have not been kept back by such misfortunes as were decreed by Thee, from turning in the direction of Thy gifts.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

  [60] BH09289 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me, O my God, to draw nigh unto Thee, and to abide within the precincts of Thy court, for remoteness from Thee hath well-nigh consumed me.  Cause me to rest under the shadow of the wings of Thy grace, for the flame of my separation from Thee hath melted my heart within me.  Draw me nearer unto the river that is life indeed, for my soul burneth with thirst in its ceaseless search after Thee.  My sighs, O my God, proclaim the bitterness of mine anguish, and the tears I shed attest my love for Thee.
      Last:  Glorified be Thy name, O Thou Who art the King of all Kings!

  [61] AB00553 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Fill up for me the cup of detachment from all things, and in the assembly of Thy splendors and bestowals, rejoice me with the wine of loving Thee.  Free me from the assaults of passion and desire, break off from me the shackles of this nether world, draw me with rapture unto Thy supernal realm, and refresh me amongst the handmaids with the breathing of Thy holiness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Powerful, the Ever-Giving, the Able, the Omnipotent.

  [62] AB00189AID (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Aid Thou Thy trusted servants to have loving and tender hearts.  Help them to spread, amongst all the nations of the earth, the light of guidance that cometh from the Company on high. Verily, Thou art the Strong, the Powerful, the Mighty, the All-Subduing, the Ever-Giving.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Gentle, the Tender, the Most Bountiful.

  [63] BH07721 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou didst lift up the ensigns of Thy guidance, and didst shed the radiance of Thy loving-kindness, and didst reveal the sovereignty of Thy Lordship; through which the lamp of Thy names hath appeared within the niche of Thine attributes, and He Who is the Tabernacle of Thy unity and the Manifestation of detachment hath shone forth; through which the ways of Thy guidance were made known, and the paths of Thy good pleasure were marked out; through which the foundations of error have been made to tremble, and the signs of wickedness have been abolished; through which the fountains of wisdom have burst forth, and the heavenly table hath been sent down; through which Thou didst preserve Thy servants and didst vouchsafe Thy healing; through which Thou didst show forth Thy tender mercies unto Thy servants and revealedst Thy forgiveness amidst Thy creatures—I implore Thee to keep safe him who hath held fast and returned unto Thee, and clung to Thy mercy, and seized the hem of Thy loving providence.  Send down, then, upon him Thy healing, and make him whole, and endue him with a constancy vouchsafed by Thee, and a tranquillity bestowed by Thy highness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Healer, the Preserver, the Helper, the Almighty, the Powerful, the All-Glorious, the All-Knowing.

  [64] AB10685 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou most glorious Lord!  Make this little maidservant of Thine blessed and happy; cause her to be cherished at the threshold of Thy oneness, and let her drink deep from the cup of Thy love so that she may be filled with rapture and ecstasy and diffuse sweet-scented fragrance.  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

  [65] BH09162 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Whose face is the object of the adoration of all that yearn after Thee, Whose presence is the hope of such as are wholly devoted to Thy will, Whose nearness is the desire of all that have drawn nigh unto Thy court, Whose countenance is the companion of those who have recognized Thy truth, Whose name is the mover of the souls that long to behold Thy face, Whose voice is the true life of Thy lovers, the words of Whose mouth are as the waters of life unto all who are in heaven and on earth!
      Last:  No God is there beside Thee, the Mighty, the Ever-Abiding, the All-Bounteous, the Most Generous.

  [66] AB00963IMP (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart and streaming tears to aid whosoever expendeth his energy for the erection of this House, and the construction of this Building wherein Thy name is mentioned every morn and every eve.
      Last:  O God!  Send down Thy divine increase on whosoever endeavoreth to serve this edifice and exerteth himself to raise it amongst the kindreds and religions of the world.  Confirm him in every good deed in promoting the welfare of mankind.  Open Thou the doors of wealth and abundance unto him and make him an heir to the treasures of the Kingdom, which perish not.  Make him a sign of Thy bestowals among the peoples and reinforce him by the sea of Thy generosity and bounty, surging with waves of Thy grace and favor.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful and the Bountiful.

  [67] BB00018MAJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: All majesty and glory, O my God, and all dominion and light and grandeur and splendor be unto Thee.  Thou bestowest sovereignty on whom Thou willest and dost withhold it from whom Thou desirest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.  Thou art He Who createth from naught the universe and all that dwell therein. There is nothing worthy of Thee except Thyself, while all else but Thee are as outcasts in Thy holy presence and are as nothing when compared to the glory of Thine Own Being.
      Last:  * 1. Qur'án 6:103

  [68] AB00065STE (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my Lord and my Hope!  Help Thou Thy loved ones to be steadfast in Thy mighty Covenant, to remain faithful to Thy manifest Cause, and to carry out the commandments Thou didst set down for them in Thy Book of Splendors; that they may become banners of guidance and lamps of the Company above, wellsprings of Thine infinite wisdom, and stars that lead aright, as they shine down from the supernal sky.
      Last:  Verily, art Thou the Invincible, the Almighty, the All-Powerful.

  [69] AB02596 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my Lord!  O my Lord!  These two bright orbs are wedded in Thy love, conjoined in servitude to Thy Holy Threshold, united in ministering to thy Cause.  Make Thou this marriage to be as threading lights of Thine abounding grace, O my Lord, the All-Merciful, and luminous rays of Thy bestowals, O Thou the Beneficent, the Ever-Giving, that there may branch out from this great tree boughs that will grow green and flourishing through the gifts that rain down from Thy clouds of grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous.  Verily, Thou art the Compassionate, the All-Merciful.

  [70] BH00009AWA (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I give praise to Thee, O my God, that Thou hast awakened me out of my sleep, and brought me forth after my disappearance, and raised me up from my slumber.  I have wakened this morning with my face set toward the splendors of the Daystar of thy Revelation, through Which the heavens of Thy power and Thy majesty have been illumined, acknowledging Thy signs, believing in Thy Book, and holding fast unto Thy Cord.
      Last:  Thou disappointest no one who hath sought Thee, nor dost Thou keep back from Thee anyone who hath desired Thee.  Ordain Thou for me what becometh the heaven of Thy generosity, and the ocean of Thy bounty. Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [71] BH05894 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I know not, O my God, what the Fire is which Thou didst kindle in Thy land.  Earth can never cloud its splendor, nor water quench its flame. All the peoples of the world are powerless to resist its force.  Great is the blessedness of him that hath drawn nigh unto it, and heard its roaring.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou art, verily, the All-Powerful, the Most Generous.

  [72] BB00543VIC (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord!  Render victorious Thy forbearing servants in Thy days by granting them a befitting victory, inasmuch as they have sought martyrdom in Thy path.  Send down upon them that which will bring comfort to their minds, will rejoice their inner beings, will impart assurance to their hearts and tranquillity to their bodies and will enable their souls to ascend to the presence of God, the Most Exalted, and to attain the supreme Paradise and such retreats of glory as Thou hast destined for men of true knowledge and virtue.  Verily, Thou knowest all things, while we are but Thy servants, Thy thralls, Thy bondsmen and Thy poor ones.  No Lord but Thee do we invoke, O God our Lord, nor do we implore blessings or grace from anyone but Thee, O Thou Who art the God of mercy unto this world and the next.  We are but the embodiments of poverty, of nothingness, of helplessness and of perdition, while Thy whole Being betokeneth wealth, independence, glory, majesty and boundless grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art our Lord and the Lord of all things.  Into Thy hands do we surrender ourselves, yearning for the things that pertain unto Thee.

  [73] BH00154FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The Kitáb-i-Aqdas states: “We have commanded you to pray and fast from the beginning of maturity [15 years]; this is ordained by God, your Lord and the Lord of your forefathers...  The traveler, the ailing, those who are with child or giving suck, are not bound by the fast... Abstain from food and drink from sunrise to sundown, and beware lest desire deprive you of this grace that is appointed in the Book.”
      Last:  Assist them, O my God, to render Thee victorious and to exalt Thy Word.  Suffer them, then, to become as hands of Thy Cause amongst Thy servants, and make them to be revealers of Thy religion and Thy signs amongst mankind, in such wise that the whole world may be filled with Thy remembrance and praise and with Thy proofs and evidences.  Thou art, verily, the All-Bounteous, the Most Exalted, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Merciful.

  [74] BH07180 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I yield Thee thanks for having enabled me to recognize the Manifestation of Thyself, and for having severed me from Thine enemies, and laid bare before mine eyes their misdeeds and wicked works in Thy days, and for having rid me of all attachment to them, and caused me to turn wholly towards Thy grace and bountiful favors.  I give Thee thanks, also, for having sent down upon me from the clouds of Thy will that which hath so sanctified me from the hints of the infidels and the allusions of the misbelievers that I have fixed my heart firmly on Thee, and fled from such as have denied the light of Thy countenance.  Again I thank Thee for having empowered me to be steadfast in Thy love, and to speak forth Thy praise and to extol Thy virtues, and for having given me to drink of the cup of Thy mercy that hath surpassed all things visible and invisible.
      Last:  Thou art the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the All-Loving.

  [75] BH09498 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God and the God of all Names, and the Maker of the heavens!  I entreat Thee by Thy Name through which He Who is the Dayspring of Thy might and the Dawning-Place of Thy power hath been manifested, through which every solid thing hath been made to flow, and every dead corpse hath been quickened, and every moving spirit confirmed—I entreat Thee to enable me to rid myself of all attachment to any one but Thee, and to serve Thy Cause, and to wish what Thou didst wish through the power of Thy sovereignty, and to perform what is the good pleasure of Thy will.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, moreover, O my God, to ordain for me what will make me rich enough to dispense with any one save Thee.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face turned towards Thee, and my hands clinging to the cord of Thy grace.  Send down upon me Thy mercy, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Bountiful.

  [76] BB00002MEN (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O God.  How can I make mention of Thee while Thou art sanctified from the praise of all mankind.  Magnified be Thy Name, O God, Thou art the King, the Eternal Truth; Thou knowest what is in the heavens and on the earth, and unto Thee must all return.  Thou hast sent down Thy divinely ordained Revelation according to a clear measure.  Praised art Thou, O Lord!  At Thy behest Thou dost render victorious whomsoever Thou willest, through the hosts of heaven and earth and whatsoever existeth between them.  Thou art the Sovereign, the Eternal Truth, the Lord of invincible might.
      Last:  Glorified art Thou, O Lord!  Thou forgivest at all times the sins of such among Thy servants as implore Thy pardon.  Wash away my sins and the sins of those who seek Thy forgiveness at dawn, who pray to Thee in the daytime and in the night season, who yearn after naught save God, who offer up whatsoever God hath graciously bestowed upon them, who celebrate Thy praise at morn and eventide, and who are not remiss in their duties.

  [77] BH00308DES (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord of the world and Desire of the nations, O Thou Who hast become manifest in the Greatest Name, whereby the pearls of wisdom and utterance have appeared from the shells of the great sea of Thy knowledge, and the heavens of divine revelation have been adorned with the light of the appearance of the sun of Thy countenance.
      Last:  I beg of Thee, O Thou King of existence and Protector of the seen and the unseen, to make whosoever arises to serve Thy Cause as a sea moving by Thy desire, as one ablaze with the fire of Thy Sacred Tree, shining from the horizon of the heaven of Thy will.  Verily, Thou art the mighty One, Whom neither the power of all the world nor the strength of nations can weaken.  There is no God but Thee, the One, the Incomparable, the Protector, the Self-Subsistent.

  [78] AB05167 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou knowest, O God, and art my witness that I have no desire in my heart save to attain Thy good pleasure, to be confirmed in servitude unto Thee, to consecrate myself in Thy service, to labor in Thy great vineyard and to sacrifice all in Thy path.  Thou art the All-Knowing and the All-Seeing.  I have no wish save to turn my steps, in my love for Thee, towards the mountains and the deserts to loudly proclaim the advent of Thy Kingdom, and to raise Thy call amidst all men.  O God! Open Thou the way for this helpless one, grant Thou the remedy to this ailing one and bestow Thy healing upon this afflicted one.  With burning heart and tearful eyes I supplicate Thee at Thy Threshold.
      Last:  O God!  Protect me from tests.  Thou knowest full well that I have turned away from all things and freed myself of all thoughts.  I have no occupation save mention of Thee and no aspiration save serving Thee.

  [79] BH06026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Gracious, the All-Bountiful!
      Last:  Lord!  Turn me not away from the ocean of Thy wealth and the heaven of Thy mercy, and ordain for me the good of this world and hereafter. Verily, Thou art the Lord of the mercy-seat, enthroned in the highest; there is none other God but Thee, the One, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [80] AB00094WEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let whosoever travels to different parts to teach, peruse over mountain, desert, land and sea this supplication.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Most Merciful of the merciful.

  [81] BH11278RIV (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Make manifest the rivers of Thy sovereign might, that the waters of Thy Unity may flow through the inmost realities of all things, in such wise that the banner of Thine unfailing guidance may be raised aloft in the kingdom of Thy command and the stars of Thy divine splendor may shine brightly in the heaven of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou, verily, art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [82] AB02825 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise and glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  This is a choice sapling which Thou hast planted in the meads of Thy love and hast nurtured with the fingers of Thy Lordship.  Thou hast watered it from the well-spring of everlasting life which streameth forth from the gardens of Thy oneness and Thou hast caused the clouds of Thy tender mercy to shower Thy favors upon it.  It hath now grown and developed beneath the shelter of Thy blessings which are manifest from the Dayspring of Thy divine essence.  It hath burst forth into leaves and blossoms, is laden with fruit through the providence of Thy wondrous gifts and bounties and is stirred by the fragrant breeze wafting from the direction of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the All-Powerful, the All-Glorious, the Omnipotent.

  [83] AB10492 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind lord!
      Last:  Thou art the Bestower, the All-Loving.

  [84] AB00314HOR (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  From the horizon of detachment Thou hast manifested souls that, even as the shining moon, shed radiance upon the realm of heart and soul, rid themselves from the attributes of the world of existence and hastened forth unto the kingdom of immortality.  With a drop from the ocean of Thy loving-kindness Thou didst oft-times moisten the gardens of their hearts until they gained incomparable freshness and beauty.  The holy fragrance of Thy divine unity was diffused far and wide, shedding its sweet savors over the entire world, causing the regions of the earth to be redolent with perfume.
      Last:  O Thou kind Lord!  Grant that this youth may attain unto that which is the highest aspiration of the holy ones.  Endow him with the wings of Thy strengthening grace—wings of detachment and divine aid—that he may soar thereby into the atmosphere of Thy tender mercy, be able to partake of Thy celestial bestowals, may become a sign of divine guidance and a standard of the Concourse on high.  Thou art the Potent, the Powerful, the Seeing, the Hearing.

  [85] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

  [86] AB00787SPL (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, O Thou Who hast cast Thy splendor over the luminous realities of men, shedding upon them the resplendent lights of knowledge and guidance, and hast chosen them out of all created things for this supernal grace, and hast caused them to encompass all things, to understand their inmost essence, and to disclose their mysteries, bringing them forth out of darkness into the visible world! “He verily showeth His special mercy to whomsoever He will.”¹
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 55:19-22.

  [87] ABU0095KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou forgiving God! These servants are turning to Thy kingdom and seeking Thy grace and bounty. O God! Make their hearts good and pure in order that they may become worthy of Thy love. Purify and sanctify the spirits that the light of the Sun of Reality may shine upon them. Purify and sanctify the eyes that they may perceive Thy light. Purify and sanctify the ears in order that they may hear the call of Thy kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Powerful the Omnipotent, the Merciful, and Thou art the Generous, the Beneficent, the Lord of grace abounding.

  [88] BB00554 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord, my Best Beloved!  Make me steadfast in Thy Cause, and grant that I may be reckoned among those who have not violated Thy Covenant nor followed the gods of their own idle fancy.
      Last:  Grant, O my God, that I may not be reckoned among those whose ears are deaf, whose eyes are blind, whose tongues are speechless and whose hearts have failed to comprehend.  Deliver me, O Lord, from the fire of ignorance and of selfish desire, suffer me to be admitted into the precincts of Thy transcendent mercy and send down upon me that which Thou hast ordained for Thy chosen ones.  Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [89] BH09874 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! Every man of insight confesseth Thy sovereignty and Thy dominion, and every discerning eye perceiveth the greatness of Thy majesty and the compelling power of Thy might. The winds of tests are powerless to hold back them that enjoy near access to Thee from setting their faces towards the horizon of Thy glory, and the tempests of trials must fail to draw away and hinder such as are wholly devoted to Thy will from approaching Thy court.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my God, by them and by the sighs which their hearts utter in their separation from Thee, to keep them safe from the mischief of Thine adversaries, and to nourish their souls with what Thou hast ordained for Thy loved ones on whom shall come no fear and who shall not be put to grief.

  [90] AB05652WIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 56:62.

  [91] BH03181 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Bestower, the Bounteous!
      Last:  And when He desired to manifest grace and beneficence to men, and to set the world in order, He revealed observances and created laws; among them He established the law of marriage, made it as a fortress for well-being and salvation, and enjoined it upon us in that which was sent down out of the heaven of sanctity in His Most Holy Book.  He saith, great is His glory: “Enter into wedlock, O people, that ye may bring forth one who will make mention of me amid My servants.  This is My bidding unto you; hold fast to it as an assistance to yourselves.”

  [92] AB00687SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou, my God, Who guidest the seeker to the pathway that leadeth aright, Who deliverest the lost and blinded soul out of the wastes of perdition, Thou Who bestowest upon the sincere great bounties and favors, Who guardest the frightened within Thine impregnable refuge, Who answerest, from Thine all-highest horizon, the cry of those who cry out unto Thee.  Praised be Thou, O my Lord!  Thou hast guided the distracted out of the death of unbelief, and hast brought those who draw nigh unto Thee to the journey's goal, and hast rejoiced the assured among Thy servants by granting them their most cherished desires, and hast, from Thy Kingdom of beauty, opened before the faces of those who yearn after Thee the gates of reunion, and hast rescued them from the fires of deprivation and loss—so that they hastened unto Thee and gained Thy presence, and arrived at Thy welcoming door, and received of gifts an abundant share.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Ever-Giving, the Precious, the Most Bountiful.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Exalted, the Victorious.

  [93] ABU0023UNI (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Verily, I invoke Thee and supplicate before Thy threshold, asking Thee that all Thy mercies may descend upon these souls.  Specialize them for Thy favor and Thy truth.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Almighty, the Self-Subsistent, the Giver, the Forgiving, the Pardoner, the Omniscient, the One Creator.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[3] Prayer UUID: 2e18bb34-3332-45a8-8ea8-117fe4446a2a

FULL TEXT (cy):
## ORUP OTUA U'URA MUGAWA
* Children
Maman!  Otasin gega ma asik mun, mu irani Ge naewa gegawa. guwa, Ge dinip rarema ere bobon ge nao gega potap yanine mine.  Ge gese upuru gega aigamup wat ganatamep, moe ginayam den.  Ge irot gwarot gega aimagewa ugumu nauvisigan, den negin tamanawa gapan tauvep.  Mu kakaevet yane darat wap, amba wae uwon yane dorep.  Ge nuniana apanewa.  Ge aigap iragena apanewa.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (46 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [2] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [3] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [4] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [5] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [6] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [7] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [8] AB09794CHI (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  I am a child; enable me to grow beneath the shadow of Thy loving-kindness.  I am a tender plant; cause me to be nurtured through the outpourings of the clouds of Thy bounty.  I am a sapling of the garden of love; make me into a fruitful tree.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Loving, the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

  [9] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [10] BH05768 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I venture to make mention of Thee, I am held back by my mighty sins and grievous trespasses against Thee, and find myself wholly deprived of Thy grace, and utterly powerless to celebrate Thy praise.  My great confidence in Thy bounty, however, reviveth my hope in Thee, and my certitude that Thou wilt bountifully deal with me emboldeneth me to extol Thee, and to ask of Thee the things Thou dost possess.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds!

  [11] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [12] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [13] BH08604 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Whose nearness is my wish, Whose presence is my hope, Whose remembrance is my desire, Whose court of glory is my goal, Whose abode is my aim, Whose name is my healing, Whose love is the radiance of my heart, Whose service is my highest aspiration!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou hast enabled them that have recognized Thee to soar to the sublimest heights of the knowledge of Thee and empowered such as devoutly worship Thee to ascend into the precincts of the court of Thy holy favors, to aid me to turn my face towards Thy face, to fix mine eyes upon Thee, and to speak of Thy glory.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the God of Power, the Help in Peril, the All-Glorious, the Almighty.

  [14] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [15] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [16] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [17] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [18] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [19] AB10703RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord! Make this youth radiant and confer Thy bounty upon this poor creature. Bestow upon him knowledge, grant him added strength at the break of every morn and guard him within the shelter of Thy protection so that he may be freed from error, may devote himself to the service of Thy Cause, may guide the wayward, lead the hapless, free the captives and awaken the heedless, that all may be blessed with Thy remembrance and praise. Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

  [20] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [21] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [22] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [23] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [24] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [25] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [26] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [27] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [28] BH04421HEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Create in me a pure heart, O my God, and renew a tranquil conscience within me, O my Hope!  Through the spirit of power confirm Thou me in Thy Cause, O my Best-Beloved, and by the light of Thy glory reveal unto me Thy path, O Thou the Goal of my desire!  Through the power of Thy transcendent might lift me up unto the heaven of Thy holiness, O Source of my being, and by the breezes of Thine eternity gladden me, O Thou Who art my God!  Let Thine everlasting melodies breathe tranquillity on me, O my Companion, and let the riches of Thine ancient countenance deliver me from all except Thee, O my Master, and let the tidings of the revelation of Thine incorruptible Essence bring me joy, O Thou Who art the most manifest of the manifest and the most hidden of the hidden!

  [29] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [30] BB00630 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Thou art the Remover of every anguish and the Dispeller of every affliction.  Thou art He Who banisheth every sorrow and setteth free every slave, the Redeemer of every soul.  O Lord!  Grant deliverance through Thy mercy, and reckon me among such servants of Thine as have gained salvation.

  [31] BH08264 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  Thou hearest Thine ardent lovers lamenting in their separation from Thee, and such as have recognized Thee wailing because of their remoteness from Thy presence.  Open Thou outwardly to their faces, O my Lord, the gates of Thy grace, that they may enter them by Thy leave and in conformity with Thy will, and may stand before the throne of Thy majesty, and catch the accents of Thy voice, and be illumined with the splendors of the light of Thy face.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [32] BH08852 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  One of Thy handmaidens, who hath believed in Thee and in Thy signs, hath entered beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness.  Give her to quaff, O my God, by Thy Name, the Manifest and the Hidden, of Thy choice sealed Wine that it may take her away from her own self, and make her to be entirely devoted to Thy remembrance, and wholly detached from any one beside Thee.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, the God of knowledge and wisdom.

  [33] BH09960 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  Thou art He Whom all things worship and Who worshipeth no one, Who is the Lord of all things and is the vassal of none, Who knoweth all things and is known of none. Thou didst wish to make Thyself known unto men; therefore, Thou didst, through a word of Thy mouth, bring creation into being and fashion the universe.  There is none other God except Thee, the Fashioner, the Creator, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.
      Last:  Thou art the God of power, of glory and bounty.  No God is there beside Thee, the Supreme Ruler, the All-Glorious, the Omniscient.

  [34] BB00374 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Vouchsafe unto me, O my God, the full measure of Thy love and Thy good-pleasure, and through the attractions of Thy resplendent light enrapture our hearts, O Thou Who art the Supreme Evidence and the All-Glorified.  Send down upon me, as a token of Thy grace, Thy vitalizing breezes, throughout the daytime and in the night season, O Lord of bounty.
      Last:  Indeed shouldst Thou desire to confer blessing upon a servant Thou wouldst blot out from the realm of his heart every mention or disposition except Thine Own mention; and shouldst Thou ordain evil for a servant by reason of that which his hands have unjustly wrought before Thy face, Thou wouldst test him with the benefits of this world and of the next that he might become preoccupied therewith and forget Thy remembrance.

  [35] AB03017CAL (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! This Thy handmaid is calling upon Thee, trusting in Thee, turning her face unto Thee, imploring Thee to shed thy heavenly bounties upon her, and to disclose unto her Thy spiritual mysteries, and to cast upon her the lights of Thy Godhead.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Ever-Bestowing, the Open of Hand.

  [36] AB11281 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord! This a lamp lighted by the fire of Thy love and ablaze with the flame which is ignited in the tree of Thy mercy. O my Lord! Increase his enkindlement, heat and flame, with the fire which is kindled in the Sinai of Thy Manifestation. Verily, Thou art the Confirmer, the Assister, the Powerful, the Generous, the Loving.

  [37] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [38] AB00431PIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lord!  Pitiful are we, grant us Thy favor; poor, bestow upon us a share from the ocean of Thy wealth;needy, do Thou satisfy us; abased, give us Thy glory.  The fowls of the air and the beasts of the field receive their meat each day from Thee and all beings partake of Thy care and loving kindness.
      Last:  Give us our daily bread and grant Thine increase in the necessities of life, that we may be dependent on none other than Thee, may commune wholly with Thee, may walk in Thy ways and declare Thy mysteries. Thou art the Almighty and the Loving and the Provider of all mankind.

  [39] BH03109KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God, exalted is He, the Lord of loving-kindness and bounty!
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Single, the Powerful, the Omniscient, the Bountiful.

  [40] AB02326 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  O Lord, my God! Lowly are these servants of Thine, exalt them in Thy kingdom on high; feeble, strengthen them by Thy supreme power; abased, bestow upon them Thy glory in Thine all-highest realm; poor, enrich them in Thy great dominion. Do Thou then ordain for them all the good Thou hast destined in Thy worlds, visible and invisible, prosper them in this world below, gladden their hearts with Thine inspiration, O Lord of all beings! Illumine their hearts with Thy joyful tidings diffused from Thine all-glorious Station, make firm their steps in Thy Most-Great Covenant and strengthen their loins in Thy firm Testament, by Thy bounty and promised grace, O Gracious and Merciful One! Thou art, verily, the Gracious, the All-Bountiful.

  [41] AB00204PRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind and loving Providence!  The east is astir and the west surgeth even as the eternal billows of the sea.  The gentle breezes of holiness are diffused and, from the Unseen Kingdom, the rays of the Orb of Truth shine forth resplendent.  The anthems of divine unity are being chanted and the ensigns of celestial might are waving.  The angelic Voice is raised and, even as the roaring of the leviathan, soundeth the call to selflessness and evanescence.  The triumphal cry Yá Bahá’u’l-Abhá resoundeth on every side, and the call Yá ‘Alíyyu’l-‘Alá¹ ringeth throughout all regions.  No stir is there in the world save that of the Glory of the One Ravisher of Hearts, and no tumult is there save the surging of the love of Him, the Incomparable, the Well-Beloved.
      Last:  * 1. O Thou the Exalted, the Most Exalted!

  [42] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [43] AB00073SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! We are servants of Thy Threshold, taking shelter at Thy holy Door. We seek no refuge save only this strong pillar, turn nowhere for a haven but unto Thy safekeeping. Protect us, bless us, support us, make us such that we shall love but Thy good pleasure, utter only Thy praise, follow only the pathway of truth, that we may become rich enough to dispense with all save Thee, and receive our gifts from the sea of Thy beneficence, that we may ever strive to exalt Thy Cause and to spread Thy sweet savors far and wide, that we may become oblivious of self and occupied only with Thee, and disown all else and be caught up in Thee.
      Last:  O Thou Provider, O Thou Forgiver! Grant us Thy grace and loving-kindness, Thy gifts and Thy bestowals, and sustain us, that we may attain our goal. Thou art the Powerful, the Able, the Knower, the Seer; and, verily, Thou art the Generous, and, verily, Thou art the All-Merciful, and, verily, Thou art the Ever-Forgiving, He to Whom repentance is due, He Who forgiveth even the most grievous of sins.

  [44] ABU0188TUR (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! O my God! Verily, these servants are turning to Thee, supplicating Thy kingdom of mercy. Verily, they are attracted by Thy holiness and set aglow with the fire of Thy love, seeking confirmation from Thy wondrous kingdom, and hoping for attainment in Thy heavenly realm. Verily, they long for the descent of Thy bestowal, desiring illumination from the Sun of Reality. O Lord! Make them radiant lamps, merciful signs, fruitful trees and shining stars. May they come forth in Thy service and be connected with Thee by the bonds and ties of Thy love, longing for the lights of Thy favor. O Lord! Make them signs of guidance, standards of Thine immortal kingdom, waves of the sea of Thy mercy, mirrors of the light of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous. Verily, Thou art the Merciful. Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Beloved.

  [45] BB00004REN (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord, Thou Who hast brought into being all created things, through the power of Thy behest.
      Last:  Grant Thou, O Lord, that their hearts may, through allegiance to this, Thine inviolable Faith, grow stronger than anything else in the heavens and on earth and in whatsoever is between them; and strengthen, O Lord, their hands with the tokens of Thy wondrous power that they may manifest Thy power before the gaze of all mankind.

  [46] BH07105 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee, by Thy Most Great Name through which Thou didst stir up Thy servants and build up Thy cities, and by Thy most excellent titles, and Thy most august attributes, to assist Thy people to turn in the direction of Thy manifold bounties, and set their faces towards the Tabernacle of Thy wisdom.  Heal Thou the sicknesses that have assailed the souls on every side, and have deterred them from directing their gaze towards the Paradise that lieth in the shelter of Thy shadowing Name, which Thou didst ordain to be the King of all names unto all who are in heaven and all who are on earth.  Potent art Thou to do as pleaseth Thee.  In Thy hands is the empire of all names.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Wise.
      Last:  Thou art truly the Lord of this life and of the next.  Thou art, in truth, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[4] Prayer UUID: 3aabc6b8-bb16-48e7-a49e-107e63edf365

FULL TEXT (cy):
Tvoje ime je moje iscjeljenje, o Bože moj, pomen na Tebe moj je lijek. Tvoja blizina je meni uzdanje, a ljubav prema Tebi moj je sadrug. Milost koju mi ukazuješ je moje ozdravljenje i potpora u ovom i u narednom svijetu. Ti si, uistinu, Najvelikodušniji, Sveznajući, Premudri.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (42 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [2] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [3] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [4] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [5] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [6] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [7] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [8] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [9] BH05768 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I venture to make mention of Thee, I am held back by my mighty sins and grievous trespasses against Thee, and find myself wholly deprived of Thy grace, and utterly powerless to celebrate Thy praise.  My great confidence in Thy bounty, however, reviveth my hope in Thee, and my certitude that Thou wilt bountifully deal with me emboldeneth me to extol Thee, and to ask of Thee the things Thou dost possess.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds!

  [10] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [11] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [12] BH08604 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Whose nearness is my wish, Whose presence is my hope, Whose remembrance is my desire, Whose court of glory is my goal, Whose abode is my aim, Whose name is my healing, Whose love is the radiance of my heart, Whose service is my highest aspiration!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou hast enabled them that have recognized Thee to soar to the sublimest heights of the knowledge of Thee and empowered such as devoutly worship Thee to ascend into the precincts of the court of Thy holy favors, to aid me to turn my face towards Thy face, to fix mine eyes upon Thee, and to speak of Thy glory.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the God of Power, the Help in Peril, the All-Glorious, the Almighty.

  [13] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [14] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [15] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [16] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [17] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [18] AB10703RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord! Make this youth radiant and confer Thy bounty upon this poor creature. Bestow upon him knowledge, grant him added strength at the break of every morn and guard him within the shelter of Thy protection so that he may be freed from error, may devote himself to the service of Thy Cause, may guide the wayward, lead the hapless, free the captives and awaken the heedless, that all may be blessed with Thy remembrance and praise. Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

  [19] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [20] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [21] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [22] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [23] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [24] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [25] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [26] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [27] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [28] BB00630 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Thou art the Remover of every anguish and the Dispeller of every affliction.  Thou art He Who banisheth every sorrow and setteth free every slave, the Redeemer of every soul.  O Lord!  Grant deliverance through Thy mercy, and reckon me among such servants of Thine as have gained salvation.

  [29] BH08264 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  Thou hearest Thine ardent lovers lamenting in their separation from Thee, and such as have recognized Thee wailing because of their remoteness from Thy presence.  Open Thou outwardly to their faces, O my Lord, the gates of Thy grace, that they may enter them by Thy leave and in conformity with Thy will, and may stand before the throne of Thy majesty, and catch the accents of Thy voice, and be illumined with the splendors of the light of Thy face.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [30] BH08852 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  One of Thy handmaidens, who hath believed in Thee and in Thy signs, hath entered beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness.  Give her to quaff, O my God, by Thy Name, the Manifest and the Hidden, of Thy choice sealed Wine that it may take her away from her own self, and make her to be entirely devoted to Thy remembrance, and wholly detached from any one beside Thee.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, the God of knowledge and wisdom.

  [31] BH09960 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  Thou art He Whom all things worship and Who worshipeth no one, Who is the Lord of all things and is the vassal of none, Who knoweth all things and is known of none. Thou didst wish to make Thyself known unto men; therefore, Thou didst, through a word of Thy mouth, bring creation into being and fashion the universe.  There is none other God except Thee, the Fashioner, the Creator, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.
      Last:  Thou art the God of power, of glory and bounty.  No God is there beside Thee, the Supreme Ruler, the All-Glorious, the Omniscient.

  [32] BB00374 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Vouchsafe unto me, O my God, the full measure of Thy love and Thy good-pleasure, and through the attractions of Thy resplendent light enrapture our hearts, O Thou Who art the Supreme Evidence and the All-Glorified.  Send down upon me, as a token of Thy grace, Thy vitalizing breezes, throughout the daytime and in the night season, O Lord of bounty.
      Last:  Indeed shouldst Thou desire to confer blessing upon a servant Thou wouldst blot out from the realm of his heart every mention or disposition except Thine Own mention; and shouldst Thou ordain evil for a servant by reason of that which his hands have unjustly wrought before Thy face, Thou wouldst test him with the benefits of this world and of the next that he might become preoccupied therewith and forget Thy remembrance.

  [33] AB03017CAL (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! This Thy handmaid is calling upon Thee, trusting in Thee, turning her face unto Thee, imploring Thee to shed thy heavenly bounties upon her, and to disclose unto her Thy spiritual mysteries, and to cast upon her the lights of Thy Godhead.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Ever-Bestowing, the Open of Hand.

  [34] AB11281 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord! This a lamp lighted by the fire of Thy love and ablaze with the flame which is ignited in the tree of Thy mercy. O my Lord! Increase his enkindlement, heat and flame, with the fire which is kindled in the Sinai of Thy Manifestation. Verily, Thou art the Confirmer, the Assister, the Powerful, the Generous, the Loving.

  [35] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [36] BH03109KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God, exalted is He, the Lord of loving-kindness and bounty!
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Single, the Powerful, the Omniscient, the Bountiful.

  [37] AB02326 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  O Lord, my God! Lowly are these servants of Thine, exalt them in Thy kingdom on high; feeble, strengthen them by Thy supreme power; abased, bestow upon them Thy glory in Thine all-highest realm; poor, enrich them in Thy great dominion. Do Thou then ordain for them all the good Thou hast destined in Thy worlds, visible and invisible, prosper them in this world below, gladden their hearts with Thine inspiration, O Lord of all beings! Illumine their hearts with Thy joyful tidings diffused from Thine all-glorious Station, make firm their steps in Thy Most-Great Covenant and strengthen their loins in Thy firm Testament, by Thy bounty and promised grace, O Gracious and Merciful One! Thou art, verily, the Gracious, the All-Bountiful.

  [38] AB00204PRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind and loving Providence!  The east is astir and the west surgeth even as the eternal billows of the sea.  The gentle breezes of holiness are diffused and, from the Unseen Kingdom, the rays of the Orb of Truth shine forth resplendent.  The anthems of divine unity are being chanted and the ensigns of celestial might are waving.  The angelic Voice is raised and, even as the roaring of the leviathan, soundeth the call to selflessness and evanescence.  The triumphal cry Yá Bahá’u’l-Abhá resoundeth on every side, and the call Yá ‘Alíyyu’l-‘Alá¹ ringeth throughout all regions.  No stir is there in the world save that of the Glory of the One Ravisher of Hearts, and no tumult is there save the surging of the love of Him, the Incomparable, the Well-Beloved.
      Last:  * 1. O Thou the Exalted, the Most Exalted!

  [39] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [40] AB00073SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! We are servants of Thy Threshold, taking shelter at Thy holy Door. We seek no refuge save only this strong pillar, turn nowhere for a haven but unto Thy safekeeping. Protect us, bless us, support us, make us such that we shall love but Thy good pleasure, utter only Thy praise, follow only the pathway of truth, that we may become rich enough to dispense with all save Thee, and receive our gifts from the sea of Thy beneficence, that we may ever strive to exalt Thy Cause and to spread Thy sweet savors far and wide, that we may become oblivious of self and occupied only with Thee, and disown all else and be caught up in Thee.
      Last:  O Thou Provider, O Thou Forgiver! Grant us Thy grace and loving-kindness, Thy gifts and Thy bestowals, and sustain us, that we may attain our goal. Thou art the Powerful, the Able, the Knower, the Seer; and, verily, Thou art the Generous, and, verily, Thou art the All-Merciful, and, verily, Thou art the Ever-Forgiving, He to Whom repentance is due, He Who forgiveth even the most grievous of sins.

  [41] ABU0188TUR (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! O my God! Verily, these servants are turning to Thee, supplicating Thy kingdom of mercy. Verily, they are attracted by Thy holiness and set aglow with the fire of Thy love, seeking confirmation from Thy wondrous kingdom, and hoping for attainment in Thy heavenly realm. Verily, they long for the descent of Thy bestowal, desiring illumination from the Sun of Reality. O Lord! Make them radiant lamps, merciful signs, fruitful trees and shining stars. May they come forth in Thy service and be connected with Thee by the bonds and ties of Thy love, longing for the lights of Thy favor. O Lord! Make them signs of guidance, standards of Thine immortal kingdom, waves of the sea of Thy mercy, mirrors of the light of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous. Verily, Thou art the Merciful. Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Beloved.

  [42] BB00004REN (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord, Thou Who hast brought into being all created things, through the power of Thy behest.
      Last:  Grant Thou, O Lord, that their hearts may, through allegiance to this, Thine inviolable Faith, grow stronger than anything else in the heavens and on earth and in whatsoever is between them; and strengthen, O Lord, their hands with the tokens of Thy wondrous power that they may manifest Thy power before the gaze of all mankind.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[5] Prayer UUID: 4fb968156aa9

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10703RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord! Make this youth radiant and confer Thy bounty upon this poor creature. Bestow upon him knowledge, grant him added strength at the break of every morn and guard him within the shelter of Thy protection so that he may be freed from error, may devote himself to the service of Thy Cause, may guide the wayward, lead the hapless, free the captives and awaken the heedless, that all may be blessed with Thy remembrance and praise. Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[6] Prayer UUID: 51f31c6e295d

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00630 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Thou art the Remover of every anguish and the Dispeller of every affliction.  Thou art He Who banisheth every sorrow and setteth free every slave, the Redeemer of every soul.  O Lord!  Grant deliverance through Thy mercy, and reckon me among such servants of Thine as have gained salvation.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[9] Prayer UUID: 9b2e8770-12dd-4687-9cfe-8e89e26738d3

FULL TEXT (cy):
## MŌ TE TONO AWHINA

E inoi atu ana ahau ki a Koe mā Tō kaha E tōku Atua! Kaua ahau e tukua kia whara i ngā wā o te whakawai, ā, i ngā wā o te arokore, arahina mai aku hīkoinga mā Tō hiringa. Ko Koe tonu te Atua, Nōu te kaha e taea ai ko Tāu e hiahia ai Koe. E kore e taea e wai rānei te haukoti i Ōu hiahia, te karo rānei i Tō Kaupapa.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (45 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [2] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [3] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [4] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [5] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [6] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [7] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [8] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [9] BH05768 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I venture to make mention of Thee, I am held back by my mighty sins and grievous trespasses against Thee, and find myself wholly deprived of Thy grace, and utterly powerless to celebrate Thy praise.  My great confidence in Thy bounty, however, reviveth my hope in Thee, and my certitude that Thou wilt bountifully deal with me emboldeneth me to extol Thee, and to ask of Thee the things Thou dost possess.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds!

  [10] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [11] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [12] BH08604 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Whose nearness is my wish, Whose presence is my hope, Whose remembrance is my desire, Whose court of glory is my goal, Whose abode is my aim, Whose name is my healing, Whose love is the radiance of my heart, Whose service is my highest aspiration!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou hast enabled them that have recognized Thee to soar to the sublimest heights of the knowledge of Thee and empowered such as devoutly worship Thee to ascend into the precincts of the court of Thy holy favors, to aid me to turn my face towards Thy face, to fix mine eyes upon Thee, and to speak of Thy glory.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the God of Power, the Help in Peril, the All-Glorious, the Almighty.

  [13] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [14] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [15] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [16] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [17] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [18] AB10703RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord! Make this youth radiant and confer Thy bounty upon this poor creature. Bestow upon him knowledge, grant him added strength at the break of every morn and guard him within the shelter of Thy protection so that he may be freed from error, may devote himself to the service of Thy Cause, may guide the wayward, lead the hapless, free the captives and awaken the heedless, that all may be blessed with Thy remembrance and praise. Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

  [19] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [20] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [21] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [22] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [23] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [24] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [25] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [26] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [27] BH04421HEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Create in me a pure heart, O my God, and renew a tranquil conscience within me, O my Hope!  Through the spirit of power confirm Thou me in Thy Cause, O my Best-Beloved, and by the light of Thy glory reveal unto me Thy path, O Thou the Goal of my desire!  Through the power of Thy transcendent might lift me up unto the heaven of Thy holiness, O Source of my being, and by the breezes of Thine eternity gladden me, O Thou Who art my God!  Let Thine everlasting melodies breathe tranquillity on me, O my Companion, and let the riches of Thine ancient countenance deliver me from all except Thee, O my Master, and let the tidings of the revelation of Thine incorruptible Essence bring me joy, O Thou Who art the most manifest of the manifest and the most hidden of the hidden!

  [28] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [29] BB00630 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Thou art the Remover of every anguish and the Dispeller of every affliction.  Thou art He Who banisheth every sorrow and setteth free every slave, the Redeemer of every soul.  O Lord!  Grant deliverance through Thy mercy, and reckon me among such servants of Thine as have gained salvation.

  [30] BH08264 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  Thou hearest Thine ardent lovers lamenting in their separation from Thee, and such as have recognized Thee wailing because of their remoteness from Thy presence.  Open Thou outwardly to their faces, O my Lord, the gates of Thy grace, that they may enter them by Thy leave and in conformity with Thy will, and may stand before the throne of Thy majesty, and catch the accents of Thy voice, and be illumined with the splendors of the light of Thy face.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [31] BH08852 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  One of Thy handmaidens, who hath believed in Thee and in Thy signs, hath entered beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness.  Give her to quaff, O my God, by Thy Name, the Manifest and the Hidden, of Thy choice sealed Wine that it may take her away from her own self, and make her to be entirely devoted to Thy remembrance, and wholly detached from any one beside Thee.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, the God of knowledge and wisdom.

  [32] BH09960 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  Thou art He Whom all things worship and Who worshipeth no one, Who is the Lord of all things and is the vassal of none, Who knoweth all things and is known of none. Thou didst wish to make Thyself known unto men; therefore, Thou didst, through a word of Thy mouth, bring creation into being and fashion the universe.  There is none other God except Thee, the Fashioner, the Creator, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.
      Last:  Thou art the God of power, of glory and bounty.  No God is there beside Thee, the Supreme Ruler, the All-Glorious, the Omniscient.

  [33] BB00374 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Vouchsafe unto me, O my God, the full measure of Thy love and Thy good-pleasure, and through the attractions of Thy resplendent light enrapture our hearts, O Thou Who art the Supreme Evidence and the All-Glorified.  Send down upon me, as a token of Thy grace, Thy vitalizing breezes, throughout the daytime and in the night season, O Lord of bounty.
      Last:  Indeed shouldst Thou desire to confer blessing upon a servant Thou wouldst blot out from the realm of his heart every mention or disposition except Thine Own mention; and shouldst Thou ordain evil for a servant by reason of that which his hands have unjustly wrought before Thy face, Thou wouldst test him with the benefits of this world and of the next that he might become preoccupied therewith and forget Thy remembrance.

  [34] AB03017CAL (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! This Thy handmaid is calling upon Thee, trusting in Thee, turning her face unto Thee, imploring Thee to shed thy heavenly bounties upon her, and to disclose unto her Thy spiritual mysteries, and to cast upon her the lights of Thy Godhead.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Ever-Bestowing, the Open of Hand.

  [35] AB11281 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord! This a lamp lighted by the fire of Thy love and ablaze with the flame which is ignited in the tree of Thy mercy. O my Lord! Increase his enkindlement, heat and flame, with the fire which is kindled in the Sinai of Thy Manifestation. Verily, Thou art the Confirmer, the Assister, the Powerful, the Generous, the Loving.

  [36] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [37] AB00431PIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lord!  Pitiful are we, grant us Thy favor; poor, bestow upon us a share from the ocean of Thy wealth;needy, do Thou satisfy us; abased, give us Thy glory.  The fowls of the air and the beasts of the field receive their meat each day from Thee and all beings partake of Thy care and loving kindness.
      Last:  Give us our daily bread and grant Thine increase in the necessities of life, that we may be dependent on none other than Thee, may commune wholly with Thee, may walk in Thy ways and declare Thy mysteries. Thou art the Almighty and the Loving and the Provider of all mankind.

  [38] BH03109KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God, exalted is He, the Lord of loving-kindness and bounty!
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Single, the Powerful, the Omniscient, the Bountiful.

  [39] AB02326 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  O Lord, my God! Lowly are these servants of Thine, exalt them in Thy kingdom on high; feeble, strengthen them by Thy supreme power; abased, bestow upon them Thy glory in Thine all-highest realm; poor, enrich them in Thy great dominion. Do Thou then ordain for them all the good Thou hast destined in Thy worlds, visible and invisible, prosper them in this world below, gladden their hearts with Thine inspiration, O Lord of all beings! Illumine their hearts with Thy joyful tidings diffused from Thine all-glorious Station, make firm their steps in Thy Most-Great Covenant and strengthen their loins in Thy firm Testament, by Thy bounty and promised grace, O Gracious and Merciful One! Thou art, verily, the Gracious, the All-Bountiful.

  [40] AB00204PRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind and loving Providence!  The east is astir and the west surgeth even as the eternal billows of the sea.  The gentle breezes of holiness are diffused and, from the Unseen Kingdom, the rays of the Orb of Truth shine forth resplendent.  The anthems of divine unity are being chanted and the ensigns of celestial might are waving.  The angelic Voice is raised and, even as the roaring of the leviathan, soundeth the call to selflessness and evanescence.  The triumphal cry Yá Bahá’u’l-Abhá resoundeth on every side, and the call Yá ‘Alíyyu’l-‘Alá¹ ringeth throughout all regions.  No stir is there in the world save that of the Glory of the One Ravisher of Hearts, and no tumult is there save the surging of the love of Him, the Incomparable, the Well-Beloved.
      Last:  * 1. O Thou the Exalted, the Most Exalted!

  [41] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [42] AB00073SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! We are servants of Thy Threshold, taking shelter at Thy holy Door. We seek no refuge save only this strong pillar, turn nowhere for a haven but unto Thy safekeeping. Protect us, bless us, support us, make us such that we shall love but Thy good pleasure, utter only Thy praise, follow only the pathway of truth, that we may become rich enough to dispense with all save Thee, and receive our gifts from the sea of Thy beneficence, that we may ever strive to exalt Thy Cause and to spread Thy sweet savors far and wide, that we may become oblivious of self and occupied only with Thee, and disown all else and be caught up in Thee.
      Last:  O Thou Provider, O Thou Forgiver! Grant us Thy grace and loving-kindness, Thy gifts and Thy bestowals, and sustain us, that we may attain our goal. Thou art the Powerful, the Able, the Knower, the Seer; and, verily, Thou art the Generous, and, verily, Thou art the All-Merciful, and, verily, Thou art the Ever-Forgiving, He to Whom repentance is due, He Who forgiveth even the most grievous of sins.

  [43] ABU0188TUR (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! O my God! Verily, these servants are turning to Thee, supplicating Thy kingdom of mercy. Verily, they are attracted by Thy holiness and set aglow with the fire of Thy love, seeking confirmation from Thy wondrous kingdom, and hoping for attainment in Thy heavenly realm. Verily, they long for the descent of Thy bestowal, desiring illumination from the Sun of Reality. O Lord! Make them radiant lamps, merciful signs, fruitful trees and shining stars. May they come forth in Thy service and be connected with Thee by the bonds and ties of Thy love, longing for the lights of Thy favor. O Lord! Make them signs of guidance, standards of Thine immortal kingdom, waves of the sea of Thy mercy, mirrors of the light of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous. Verily, Thou art the Merciful. Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Beloved.

  [44] BB00004REN (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord, Thou Who hast brought into being all created things, through the power of Thy behest.
      Last:  Grant Thou, O Lord, that their hearts may, through allegiance to this, Thine inviolable Faith, grow stronger than anything else in the heavens and on earth and in whatsoever is between them; and strengthen, O Lord, their hands with the tokens of Thy wondrous power that they may manifest Thy power before the gaze of all mankind.

  [45] BH07105 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee, by Thy Most Great Name through which Thou didst stir up Thy servants and build up Thy cities, and by Thy most excellent titles, and Thy most august attributes, to assist Thy people to turn in the direction of Thy manifold bounties, and set their faces towards the Tabernacle of Thy wisdom.  Heal Thou the sicknesses that have assailed the souls on every side, and have deterred them from directing their gaze towards the Paradise that lieth in the shelter of Thy shadowing Name, which Thou didst ordain to be the King of all names unto all who are in heaven and all who are on earth.  Potent art Thou to do as pleaseth Thee.  In Thy hands is the empire of all names.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Wise.
      Last:  Thou art truly the Lord of this life and of the next.  Thou art, in truth, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[13] Prayer UUID: de824434-6963-4cf0-a190-d1431a98197e

FULL TEXT (cy):
Benedettu hè u locu, a casa è a piazza, a cità è u core, a muntagna è u riparu, a spilunca è a valle, u paese è u mare, l’ìsula è u pratu, induve Diu hè chjamatu è a so loda glurificata.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (43 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [2] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [3] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [4] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [5] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [6] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [7] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [8] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [9] BH05768 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I venture to make mention of Thee, I am held back by my mighty sins and grievous trespasses against Thee, and find myself wholly deprived of Thy grace, and utterly powerless to celebrate Thy praise.  My great confidence in Thy bounty, however, reviveth my hope in Thee, and my certitude that Thou wilt bountifully deal with me emboldeneth me to extol Thee, and to ask of Thee the things Thou dost possess.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds!

  [10] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [11] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [12] BH08604 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Whose nearness is my wish, Whose presence is my hope, Whose remembrance is my desire, Whose court of glory is my goal, Whose abode is my aim, Whose name is my healing, Whose love is the radiance of my heart, Whose service is my highest aspiration!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou hast enabled them that have recognized Thee to soar to the sublimest heights of the knowledge of Thee and empowered such as devoutly worship Thee to ascend into the precincts of the court of Thy holy favors, to aid me to turn my face towards Thy face, to fix mine eyes upon Thee, and to speak of Thy glory.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the God of Power, the Help in Peril, the All-Glorious, the Almighty.

  [13] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [14] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [15] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [16] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [17] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [18] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [19] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [20] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [21] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [22] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [23] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [24] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [25] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [26] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [27] BB00630 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Thou art the Remover of every anguish and the Dispeller of every affliction.  Thou art He Who banisheth every sorrow and setteth free every slave, the Redeemer of every soul.  O Lord!  Grant deliverance through Thy mercy, and reckon me among such servants of Thine as have gained salvation.

  [28] BH08264 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  Thou hearest Thine ardent lovers lamenting in their separation from Thee, and such as have recognized Thee wailing because of their remoteness from Thy presence.  Open Thou outwardly to their faces, O my Lord, the gates of Thy grace, that they may enter them by Thy leave and in conformity with Thy will, and may stand before the throne of Thy majesty, and catch the accents of Thy voice, and be illumined with the splendors of the light of Thy face.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [29] BH08852 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  One of Thy handmaidens, who hath believed in Thee and in Thy signs, hath entered beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness.  Give her to quaff, O my God, by Thy Name, the Manifest and the Hidden, of Thy choice sealed Wine that it may take her away from her own self, and make her to be entirely devoted to Thy remembrance, and wholly detached from any one beside Thee.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, the God of knowledge and wisdom.

  [30] BH09960 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  Thou art He Whom all things worship and Who worshipeth no one, Who is the Lord of all things and is the vassal of none, Who knoweth all things and is known of none. Thou didst wish to make Thyself known unto men; therefore, Thou didst, through a word of Thy mouth, bring creation into being and fashion the universe.  There is none other God except Thee, the Fashioner, the Creator, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.
      Last:  Thou art the God of power, of glory and bounty.  No God is there beside Thee, the Supreme Ruler, the All-Glorious, the Omniscient.

  [31] BB00374 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Vouchsafe unto me, O my God, the full measure of Thy love and Thy good-pleasure, and through the attractions of Thy resplendent light enrapture our hearts, O Thou Who art the Supreme Evidence and the All-Glorified.  Send down upon me, as a token of Thy grace, Thy vitalizing breezes, throughout the daytime and in the night season, O Lord of bounty.
      Last:  Indeed shouldst Thou desire to confer blessing upon a servant Thou wouldst blot out from the realm of his heart every mention or disposition except Thine Own mention; and shouldst Thou ordain evil for a servant by reason of that which his hands have unjustly wrought before Thy face, Thou wouldst test him with the benefits of this world and of the next that he might become preoccupied therewith and forget Thy remembrance.

  [32] AB03017CAL (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! This Thy handmaid is calling upon Thee, trusting in Thee, turning her face unto Thee, imploring Thee to shed thy heavenly bounties upon her, and to disclose unto her Thy spiritual mysteries, and to cast upon her the lights of Thy Godhead.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Ever-Bestowing, the Open of Hand.

  [33] AB11281 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord! This a lamp lighted by the fire of Thy love and ablaze with the flame which is ignited in the tree of Thy mercy. O my Lord! Increase his enkindlement, heat and flame, with the fire which is kindled in the Sinai of Thy Manifestation. Verily, Thou art the Confirmer, the Assister, the Powerful, the Generous, the Loving.

  [34] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [35] AB00431PIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lord!  Pitiful are we, grant us Thy favor; poor, bestow upon us a share from the ocean of Thy wealth;needy, do Thou satisfy us; abased, give us Thy glory.  The fowls of the air and the beasts of the field receive their meat each day from Thee and all beings partake of Thy care and loving kindness.
      Last:  Give us our daily bread and grant Thine increase in the necessities of life, that we may be dependent on none other than Thee, may commune wholly with Thee, may walk in Thy ways and declare Thy mysteries. Thou art the Almighty and the Loving and the Provider of all mankind.

  [36] BH03109KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God, exalted is He, the Lord of loving-kindness and bounty!
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Single, the Powerful, the Omniscient, the Bountiful.

  [37] AB02326 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  O Lord, my God! Lowly are these servants of Thine, exalt them in Thy kingdom on high; feeble, strengthen them by Thy supreme power; abased, bestow upon them Thy glory in Thine all-highest realm; poor, enrich them in Thy great dominion. Do Thou then ordain for them all the good Thou hast destined in Thy worlds, visible and invisible, prosper them in this world below, gladden their hearts with Thine inspiration, O Lord of all beings! Illumine their hearts with Thy joyful tidings diffused from Thine all-glorious Station, make firm their steps in Thy Most-Great Covenant and strengthen their loins in Thy firm Testament, by Thy bounty and promised grace, O Gracious and Merciful One! Thou art, verily, the Gracious, the All-Bountiful.

  [38] AB00204PRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind and loving Providence!  The east is astir and the west surgeth even as the eternal billows of the sea.  The gentle breezes of holiness are diffused and, from the Unseen Kingdom, the rays of the Orb of Truth shine forth resplendent.  The anthems of divine unity are being chanted and the ensigns of celestial might are waving.  The angelic Voice is raised and, even as the roaring of the leviathan, soundeth the call to selflessness and evanescence.  The triumphal cry Yá Bahá’u’l-Abhá resoundeth on every side, and the call Yá ‘Alíyyu’l-‘Alá¹ ringeth throughout all regions.  No stir is there in the world save that of the Glory of the One Ravisher of Hearts, and no tumult is there save the surging of the love of Him, the Incomparable, the Well-Beloved.
      Last:  * 1. O Thou the Exalted, the Most Exalted!

  [39] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [40] AB00073SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! We are servants of Thy Threshold, taking shelter at Thy holy Door. We seek no refuge save only this strong pillar, turn nowhere for a haven but unto Thy safekeeping. Protect us, bless us, support us, make us such that we shall love but Thy good pleasure, utter only Thy praise, follow only the pathway of truth, that we may become rich enough to dispense with all save Thee, and receive our gifts from the sea of Thy beneficence, that we may ever strive to exalt Thy Cause and to spread Thy sweet savors far and wide, that we may become oblivious of self and occupied only with Thee, and disown all else and be caught up in Thee.
      Last:  O Thou Provider, O Thou Forgiver! Grant us Thy grace and loving-kindness, Thy gifts and Thy bestowals, and sustain us, that we may attain our goal. Thou art the Powerful, the Able, the Knower, the Seer; and, verily, Thou art the Generous, and, verily, Thou art the All-Merciful, and, verily, Thou art the Ever-Forgiving, He to Whom repentance is due, He Who forgiveth even the most grievous of sins.

  [41] ABU0188TUR (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! O my God! Verily, these servants are turning to Thee, supplicating Thy kingdom of mercy. Verily, they are attracted by Thy holiness and set aglow with the fire of Thy love, seeking confirmation from Thy wondrous kingdom, and hoping for attainment in Thy heavenly realm. Verily, they long for the descent of Thy bestowal, desiring illumination from the Sun of Reality. O Lord! Make them radiant lamps, merciful signs, fruitful trees and shining stars. May they come forth in Thy service and be connected with Thee by the bonds and ties of Thy love, longing for the lights of Thy favor. O Lord! Make them signs of guidance, standards of Thine immortal kingdom, waves of the sea of Thy mercy, mirrors of the light of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous. Verily, Thou art the Merciful. Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Beloved.

  [42] BB00004REN (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord, Thou Who hast brought into being all created things, through the power of Thy behest.
      Last:  Grant Thou, O Lord, that their hearts may, through allegiance to this, Thine inviolable Faith, grow stronger than anything else in the heavens and on earth and in whatsoever is between them; and strengthen, O Lord, their hands with the tokens of Thy wondrous power that they may manifest Thy power before the gaze of all mankind.

  [43] BH07105 (Confidence: %!d(float64=10)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee, by Thy Most Great Name through which Thou didst stir up Thy servants and build up Thy cities, and by Thy most excellent titles, and Thy most august attributes, to assist Thy people to turn in the direction of Thy manifold bounties, and set their faces towards the Tabernacle of Thy wisdom.  Heal Thou the sicknesses that have assailed the souls on every side, and have deterred them from directing their gaze towards the Paradise that lieth in the shelter of Thy shadowing Name, which Thou didst ordain to be the King of all names unto all who are in heaven and all who are on earth.  Potent art Thou to do as pleaseth Thee.  In Thy hands is the empire of all names.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Wise.
      Last:  Thou art truly the Lord of this life and of the next.  Thou art, in truth, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________


═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
LANGUAGE: DE
═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[16] Prayer UUID: 006954c9-d59e-47df-8f8c-b6b07e231f1b

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، اين نَفسِ پاک توجّه به ملکوتِ تو نمود و تَضَرّع و زاری کـرد، تا حال اسيرِ ناسوت بود حال قَصدِ ورود در ملکوتِ بقا نمود و تـوجّه به جهانِ روحانی کـرد و اميدِ الطاف نامُتِناهی داشت. ای آمرزگار، گُنه بيامرز و عَفو و غُفران مَبذول دار، اين تشنه را به چشمۀ حيات رسان و اين ماهی را در بحرِ بی پايانِ غُفران غوطه ده تا اين طير به گلشنِ رحمانی پرواز نمايد و در حَدائقِ عَفو و مَغفرتِ نامتناهی درآيد. توئی آمرزنده و بخشنده و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[17] Prayer UUID: 009ca4f7-f0cc-4ed9-a43c-e8e7fd8a272d

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
پروردگارا، عنايت فرما، هدايت بخش، پرورش ده، نشو و نما عطا کن، بِنتِ مَلَکوت نما، فيضِ لاهوت بخش، روحانی کن، نورانی نما، رحمانی کن، آسمانی فرما تا از عالمِ طبيعت رها يابم و از جهانِ ماوراءِ‌طبيعت خبر گيرم، زنده شوم خُلق و خویِ رحمانی جويم، نَشرِتعاليم الهی نمايم، فيضِ اَبَدی طلبم و موهبتِ الهی خواهم. توئی دهنده و بخشنده و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[19] Prayer UUID: 00b7402e-76ec-4a03-a8c4-1c3db8615a3d

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای خداوندِ مهربان، اين اسيرانِ زنجير مَحبّتت را دستگير شو و مَلجأ و پناه و مُجير، نَفَحاتِ قُدس از گُلشنِ عنايت بفرست و ساحتِ دل‌ها را گُلستانِ موهبت کن و چمنستانِ حقيقت نما، از غيرِ خود بي‌زار کن و به راز و نياز دَمساز فرما، مورِ حَقير را سُليمانِ اِقليمِ جليل کن و ذَرّۀ فقير را اميرِ اوجِ اثير فرما، قطره را موهبتِ بحر بخش و سبزه را طراوت و لطافتِ شجرۀ اَخضَر عطا فـرمـا، کُل  يارانِ تـو انـد و بندگانِ درگاهِ تو، فضل وَ  جود مبذول دار و در اين يومِ مسعود تأييدِ مخصوص مشهود کن. توئی بخشنده و مهربان و درخشنده  و تابان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2] BH04569 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [3]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[20] Prayer UUID: 02d37090-4da3-49ca-89c3-d6e9cedf1e78

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای دلبرِ آفاق، شکر تو را که ديده به ديدارت روشن گـرديد و دل وجـان از نفحاتِ قـُدست غِبطۀِ گلزار و چمن شد، نَفحاتِ اُنس مرور يـافت و نفثاتِ روح‌القدس منتشر شد، جان به جانان رسيد و دل راه به بارگاه يافت و به سِرّ ِمَکنون و رمز مَصون آگاه شد. ای پروردگار، در صونِ حمايت مأوی ده و در کهفِ عنايت ملجأ و پناه بخش. ای مهربان، اگر بنوازی جوهرِ وفا و حقيقتِ عطا است و اگر بگدازی مستوجبِ عذاب و جفا است، آنچه شايان آستان است رايگان فرما و آنچه لايقِ حقايق است ارزان کن، ذليلی را به صِرفِ موهبت عزيزِ ملکوت فرما و حقيری را به نهايتِ رأفت مَظهَرِ فيضِ لاهوت نما. ای پروردگار، حفظ کن، صيانت فرما تا قدم نَلَغزد و به اَسفَلِ درجات نرسد. توئی مقتدر و عزيز و توانا و توئی عالم و بينا و دانا اِنّکَ اَنتَ الغَفُورُالرّحيم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[21] Prayer UUID: 02d946b3-0c47-465d-bf71-a8ab5a3004fd

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهَا مَعبُودا مَقصُودا
فقيری از فُقَراء قصدِ بحرِ عطا نموده و جاهلی از جُهلاء به تجلّياتِ آفتابِ علمت توجّه كرده. سؤال مي‌كنم تو را به دِمائی كه در راهِ تو در ايران ريخته شد و به نفوسی كه سَطوتِ ظالمين و ظلمِ مشركين ايشان‌را از توجّه به تو منع ننمود و از تقَرّب باز نداشت، اينكه كنيزِ خود را از نُعاقِ ناعقين و شُبهاتِ مُريبين حفظ فرمائی و در ظِلّ قِبابِ اسم كريمت مأوی دهی. توئی قادر بر كُلّ و مُهيمِن بر كلّ. اَشهَدُ وَ تَشهَدُ الأشياءُ كُلّها بِاَنَّكَ اَنتَ المُقتَدِرُالقَديرُ.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[22] Prayer UUID: 037e545d-f1a2-4ed2-be0c-4182b527247d

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهی اِلهی هذا طَير کَليل الجَناح بَطئ الطَيران اَيّدهُ بِشديدِ القُوی حَتّی يَطير اِلی اُوج الفَلاح و النِجاح و يَرفرف بِکلِّ سرُور و اِنشراحِ فی هذا الفَضاء و يَرتَفع هَديره فی کُلِّ الاَرجاء بِاسمِک الأَعلی و تَتلذّذ الآذان مِن هَذا النداء و تَقرّ الأَعين بِمشاهدةِ آيات الهُدی رَبِّ اِنّی فَريد وحَيد حَقير لَيس لِی ظَهير اِلّا أنت و لا نَصير الِّا أنت و لا مُجير الِّا أَنت وَفِّقنی عَلی خِدمَتک و أَيِّدنی بِجنُود مَلائِتک و اُنصرنی فی اِعلاء کَلمتِک و اَنطِقنی بِحکمِتک بَين بَريّتک اِنّک مَعين الضُعفا و نَصير الصُغراء و اِنّک أَنت المُقتدر العَزيز المُختار. ع ع.
" لوح چهارم دوره دوم الواح فرامین تبلیغی حضرت عبدالبهاء"

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[23] Prayer UUID: 04ae47d4-acb9-4c85-9039-b85e56291055

FULL TEXT (fa):
هوالأبهی
ای پروردگار، مرغانِ زاریم ولی در پناهِ تو آشیانه نمودیم، طیورِ ِخاکساریم ولی اَوکارِ اقتدار جوئیم و بی‌پر و بالیم ولی اوجِ عظیم طلبیم و رفرف اعلی آرزو نمائیم، پس عِنایتی مبذول فرما و قُوّتی ببخش تا جَناح فَلاح بـرویانیم و در ایـن فضایِ غیرمتناهی آغـازِ پـرواز کنیم و بـه ملکوتِ ابهـایت دمساز گردیم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[24] Prayer UUID: 050b1d6c-02af-4112-a5fe-3f81aae75782

FULL TEXT (fa):
الهی الهی
سِراج امرت را به دُهنِ حِكمَت بر افروختی، از ارياح مختلفه حفظش نما. سِراج از تو، زُجاج از تو، اسبابِ آسمان و زمين در قبضۀ قدرتِ تو. اُمَراء را عدل عنايت فرما و عُلَما را انصاف. توئی آن مقتدری كه به حركتِ قلم امرِ مُبرَمَت را نصرت فرمودی و اولياء را راه نمودی. توئی مالكِ قدرت و مليكِ اقتدار. لا اِلهَ اِلّا اَنتَ العَزيزُ المُختارُ.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[30] Prayer UUID: 0725fb29-f844-45d7-9ad3-82262ea4d858

FULL TEXT (fa):
ای پروردگار مهربان، اين نفوس ندای ملکوت شنيدند و انوار شمس حقيقت ديدند و در فضای جانفزای محبّت پريدند، عاشقان روی تواند و مُنجذبان خویِ تو و آرزومندِ کویِ تو و متوجّه به سوی تو و تشنۀ جویِ تو و مشغول به گفتگوی تو. توئی دهنده و بخشنده و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[32] Prayer UUID: 07a8f31f-447b-456b-892c-42e4a9fb80d8

FULL TEXT (fa):
هوالأبهی
ای پروردگار، این هـوشیار را به بخششِ آسمانی بزرگوار کن و از موهبتِ رحمانی برخوردار نما، حیاتِ ابدی بخش و عزّتِ سَرمَدی عطا فرما، تاجی از موهبتِ کُبری بر سر نه و خلعتی از سُندُسِ اِستَبرَق جنّت ابهی در بر کن تا به فیضِ نامتناهی مُستَفیض گردد و به عِنایتِ مخصوصه مُخَصّص شود. توئی مقتدر و توانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[35] Prayer UUID: 0a4bb63d-a302-4f12-9865-35206b102c71

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلها مَعبُودا
اين نهالي است تو غَرس نمودی، از اَمطارِ سَحابِ رحمت آبش ده. توئی آن كريمی كه عِصيان عالم  تو را از كَرَم منع ننمود و از بدايعِ فضلت باز نداشت، توئی كه جودت وجود را موجود فرمود و به افقِ اعلی راه نمود. عبادت را از صِراطِ مستقيمت منع مفرما. توئی قادر و توانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[36] Prayer UUID: 0b8119f1-7d18-44b5-a3c8-b4a5697c9fdb

FULL TEXT (fa):
هوالأبهی
ای مهربان یزدانِ من، محضِ عنایت  روحِ وجود دمیدی و خلعتِ حیات بخشیدی و از چشمۀ هدایت نوشانیدی و ندای اَلَست به سمعِ این عبد رساندی و بانگِ سبحان ربی‌الأبهی مسموع فرمودی و در ظلّ شجرۀ اَنیسا مأوی دادی و از کأسِ میثاق نوشانیدی و به فضلِ مخصوص مُخَصّص داشتی و به فوزِ عظیم موفّق نمودی، حال ای پروردگار، این مسکین را عَلَمِ مبین فرما و این حزین را در افقِ منیر روشن کن. توئی فضّال و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[37] Prayer UUID: 0c32d594-05c1-4565-880f-82621a71b7ae

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهَا كَريما يكتا خُداونَدا
جودت وجود را هستی بخشيد و موجود نمود، از دریای رحمتت محرومش منما. اين مظلومان را در ظلّ سدرۀ عدلت مأوی ده و فقيران را به‌بحرِ غَنايت راه نما. توئی مالِكِ جود و سُلطانِ عَطا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[47] Prayer UUID: 1802f91b-697f-4b53-9ba9-d644284e5b33

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهَا مَعبُودا كَريما رَحيما
توئی آن سُلطانی كه سلاطين عالم نزد اِسمی از اسمايت خاضع و خاشع. ای كريم، كَرَمت عالم را احاطه نموده و رحمتت سبقت گرفته. تو را قسم مي‌دهم به‌كلمۀ عليا و اقتدارِ قَلَمِ اعلی كه اين عبد را مؤيّد فرمائی بر آنچه لايق ايّام تواست. غريبی ارادۀِ وطن اعلی نموده و قاصدی قصد غايتِ قُصوی كرده. او را مدد فرما تا بر خدمتت قيام نمايد و به‌انتشارِ اوامر و احكامت مشغول گردد. ای كريم، اين فقير را از بحرِ غَنايت محروم منما و اين مسكين را در ظلّ رحمتت مَقرّ ده كه شايداز نفحات وحی تازه شود و به‌حياتِ ابدی فائز گردد. توئی قادر و توانا و توئی عالم و دانا. لا اِلهَ الّا اَنتَ العَليّ الاَعلی.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[53] Prayer UUID: 1bc7f6fe-4077-4eb2-b056-89546fac9e5e

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای بی‌نیاز، این کنیزِ ناچیز را در آستانِ مبارکت قبول فرما و این بال و پر شکسته را در هوایِ قدسِ عِنایتت پرواز ده، این فقیر را به کَنزِ غَناء دلالت فرما و این ذلیله را به درگاهِ عزّت هدایت کن.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[55] Prayer UUID: 1f19138d-f4ec-4821-9a95-34e816a5a094

FULL TEXT (fa):
پَروَردِگارا مِهربانا پادشاها دادرَسا
حمد و ثنا و شكر و بها تو را سزاست كه گنجِ شناسائی را در دل وديعه گذاردی و لطيفۀ وجود را از آب و گِل بر انگيختی. توئی توانائی كه قوّت و شوكتِ عباد تو را ضعيف ننمود و لشكرِ غَفلت و عَسكَرِ غرور و ثروت تو را از اراده باز نداشت. در حينی كه سِهامِ ضغينه و بَغضا از جميع جهات طيّار  به‌استقامتِ تمام قائم و بما يَنبَغی قائل. ظلمِ فراعنه تو را از گفتار منع نكرد و قَهرِ جبابره از ارادۀ غالبه منع نساخت. ای پروردگار، دستوران را راه نما و به‌جنود دانائی و علمِ لَدُنّی مَدَد بخش شايد عبادِ تو را به‌راه راست و خبر بزرگ بشارت دهند و فائز نمايند. ای كريم، نورت ساطع و اَمرَت غالب و حُكمَت نافذ، اوليائت را از دريای بخششت محروم مساز و از برای هر يك، از قلم عنايت، آنچه اليوم سزاوار فضل تو است مرقوم نما و مُقدّر فرما. توئی توانا و توئی دانا و بينا. ای پروردگار، دستوران را آگاه نما تا به آگاهی خود غافلين را آگاه نمايند و گمراهان را به راه آرند تا كُلّ در ظِلِّ قِباب عَظمت و سِدرۀ رحمت جمع شوند و بشنوند آنچه را كه قوّۀ سامعه از برای آن به‌ظهور آمده و مشاهده نمايند آنچه را كه قوّۀ باصره از برای آن موجود گشته. امر امرِ تو و جانها قربان تو.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[58] Prayer UUID: 201ce8fd-56b1-4f69-915b-8707ac0fc9ce

FULL TEXT (fa):
رَبِّ رَبِّ لَک الحَمدُ و الشُکرُ بِما هَدَيتَنی سَبيل المَلکُوت و سَلکتَ بی هذَا الصراطَ المُستَقيم المَمدُود و نَوَّرتَ بَصَری بَمشاهَدةِ الأَنوار و أِسمعتنی نَغمات طُيور القُدس مِن مَلکُوت الأَسرار و اجتَذبت قَلبی بَمحَبّتک بَين الأَبرار رَبِّ أيّدنی بِروحُ القُدس حَتّی أنادی بِاسمکَ بِين الاَقوام و ابشّر بِظهُور مَلکوتِکَ بين الأنام رَبِّ اِنّی ضَعيف قَوّنی بَقدرتِکَ و سُلطانِکَ و کَليل اللسان اِنطقنی بِذکرکَ و ثنائکَ و ذليل عَزِّزَنی بِالدخولِ فی مَلکُوتِکَ و بَعيد قَرّبنی بَعتَبة رَحمانيَّتکَ رَبِّ اجعَلنی سِراجاً وَهّاجاً و نَجماً بازِغاً و شَجرة مُبارِکة مَشحُونة بِالأثمار  مُظلّلة فی هذِه الديار اِنّکَ اَنتَ العزيز المُقتَدر المُختار. ع ع

" لوح سوم دوره دوم الواح فرامین تبلیغی حضرت عبدالبهاء"

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[64] Prayer UUID: 265ff64c-0c1c-4feb-9212-2e14af48c01c

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای بندۀ حق، دستِ نياز به درگاهِ حضرت بی نياز بر آر و بگو، ای پروردگار، گنه‌کاريم عفو و مغفرت فرما، محتاجيم از کَنزِ ملکوت بخششی نما، آواره‌ايم در پناه لطفت مأوی بخش، بيچاره‌ايم قوّت  و قدرتی عنايت کن. توئی فضّال توئی کريم و توانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[65] Prayer UUID: 26c0f5c7-da2e-4b4e-abf9-44cdf275c734

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهَا مَعبُودا مَسجودا
به‌يك كلمه از كلماتِ عُليا ارض و سَما را خلق فرمودی و به‌يك قطره از دريایِ جودت وجود را موجود نمودی. توئی مقتدری كه قوّت و قدرت جَبابرۀ ارض و فراعنۀ بلاد تو را از اراده منع ننمود. ای كريم، فقيری به‌ بابت توجّه نموده و ضعيفی به حَبل اقتدارت تمسّك جُسته، از تو كَرَمِ قديمت را مي‌طلبد و عفوِ جديدت را سائل و آمل، او را از دريای فضلت محروم منما و از كُوثَرِ زندگانی ابدی ممنوع مساز. توئی قادر و توانا. ای پروردگار، ذرّات عالم بر غَنايت گواهند و بر فضلت مُقرّ و مُعتَرف، آيا مثل تو غنی مثل منی فقير را محروم مي‌نمايد؟ حاشا وَكَلّا. اَشهَدُ وَ يَشهَدُ كُلّ الاشياء بِأنّكَ اَنتَ اَكرَمُ‌الأكرَمينَ وَاَرحَمُ‌الرّاحِمينَ.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[67] Prayer UUID: 28b84ca1-fd1b-4830-9a45-79f659b97b7a

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، ايـن گنه‌کار را از اغيار بيزار نما و به محبّتِ خويش گرفتار نما، از بند و کمندِ هَوی و هَوس رها کن و در دامِ محبّتِ جمالِ ابهی بيفکن تا آنچه غير اوست فراموش کنم و از بادۀ محبّتت سَرمست و مَدهُوش گردم.  ای خداوند، نادانم و به گُمانِ خويش گرفتار، چاره‌ای کن و اين افتاده را از نفسِ اَمَّاره نجات بخش، هر دم وسوسه‌ای نمايد و در هر نَفَس دامِ تازه‌ای نهد. ای خداوند، تو نجات بخش و رهائی ده و به نفحاتِ قدسِ خويش چاره‌ای کن شايد اين دل از عالمِ آب و گِل رهائی يابد و در اوجِ رحمانی پروازی نمايد و به روحِ اِنقطاع بياسايد.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[68] Prayer UUID: 2abc8bd2-2207-42be-b78c-9498cc6d923d

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
در هر نَفَسی سر به تراب عَجز و نیاز نهم و تَضرّع و زاری نمایم که  ای خداوندِ بی‌نیازم و مَحرَمِ رازم و یار دلنوازم، آن یارانِ دیرین را مذاق شکرین نما و در درگاهِ احدیّتت بندۀ نازنین فرما و در دیوان علّیین صدر نشین کن. توئی حنّان توئی منّان توئی مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[70] Prayer UUID: 31c8b8f2-d334-4f83-9ff5-5c61ca97de0f

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهَا بی‌نيازا كَريما رَحيما مَلِكا مَالِكا
همه عباد تو اند و از كلمۀ تو از عدم به‌وجود آمدند و مُعتَرِفَند بر فقر خود و غنای تو و جهلِ خود و عِلمِ تو و ضَعفِ خود و اقتدارِ تو و عجزِ خود و سلطانِ تو. ای كريم ما را از اَمطارِ سماءِ رحمتت محروم منما و از امواجِ بحرِ كَرَمَت منع مكن. اين نهال‌های وجود به‌يدِ عنايت تو غرس شده  حال وقت ترقّی و نموّ است و منتظر نيسان عنايت تو و ربيع مَكرُمَت تو بوده و هست، از آب "وَ مِن اَلماءِ كُلُّ شَیءٍ حَيّ" ما را منع منما. آثارِ كَرَمَت از قبل در دانی و قاصی و مطيع و عاصی مشاهده شد و حال موجود و مشهود. پس به‌برهان ثابت شد كَرَمت محدود نبوده و عَفوت توقّف نكرده و جودت از موجودات منع نشده. در هر حال آثار فضل بی منتهايت به‌ابصار عدل و انصاف مشاهده شده و مي‌شود. نزدِ بَحرِ غُفران، عِصيانِ اين عباد مذكور نه و در عرصۀِ ثروت و غَنا  فقرِ و احتياجِ اين عباد را مقداری نه. از بدايعِ عَطايت مي‌طلبيم و دستِ رجا به‌بارگاه عظمتت بلند نموده‌ايم. ای غفّار، از ما به‌جودت درگذر و ای ستّار، به‌كَرَمَت سَتر نما و ای فضّال، فَضلَت را باز مَدار. مُجرميم ولكن از توايم محروم منما. بعيديم ولكن بِساطِ قُربت را آمِل و سائليم، ما را منع مكن. توئی راهنما و صاحب عطا. لا اِلهَ اِلاأَنتَ رَبُّ  العَرشِ وَ الثَّری وَ مالِكُ الآخِرَةِ وَ الاُولی.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[71] Prayer UUID: 320fa693-0918-4e3d-9a4b-35b64635609d

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
خدایا، تاریکی نزاع و جدال و قتال بین ادیان و شعوب و اقوام افقِ حقیقت را پوشیده و پنهان نموده، جهان محتاجِ نورِ هدایت است، پس ای پروردگار عناینی فرما که شمس حقیقت جهان را کران به کران روشن نماید

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH02198 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[72] Prayer UUID: 321f33ca-3307-475e-a39e-a7ee359a1f2a

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای پاک يزدان من و خداوندِ مهربان من، قوّتی ده که تا مقاومت غوائلِ بسيطِ زمين نمائيم و قدرتی بخش که چون بَحرِ مُحيط موج بر ساحلِ شرق و غرب زنيم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH02198 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[73] Prayer UUID: 33e019af-54b7-4fb8-bb5c-babfb364334f

FULL TEXT (fa):
هوالله
ای پروردگار پدر و مادر این بندۀ درگاه را در دریای غفران غوطه  ده و از گناه و خطا پاک و مقدّس نما عفو و بخشش شایان نما و غفران و آمرزش ارزان کن  تویی آمرزنده و تویی غفور  تویی بخشندۀ فیص موفور  ای آمرزگار هر چند گنه کاریم ولی امید به وَعده و نوید تو داریم و هر چند در ظلمت خطا مبتلاییم ولکن توجّه به صبح عطا داشته و داریم به آنچه سزاوار درگاه است  معامله کن و هر چه شایگان بارگاه است شایان فرما  تویی غفور  تویی عفّو و تویی بخشندۀ هر قصور. ع ع

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[74] Prayer UUID: 355193e1-b82b-42ba-bb81-5db0de4efbb2

FULL TEXT (fa):
هوالأبهی‌الأبهی
ای یزدان پاک، این بندۀ دیرین را اندوهگین مخواه، شادمانی آسمانی بخش و فَرّ یزدانی بده، ستارۀ روشن نما و گُلِ گلشن کن، سَروَر آستان نما و افسر جهانِ بالا بر سر نه، رویش را بدرخشان و گوهرش را بیفشان، جانش را مُشکبار کن و دلش را گُلزار نما تا بویِ خویِ خوشش جان‌پرور گردد و پرتوِ رویش افزون از ماه و اختر. توئی مهربان و توئی بخشنده و توانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[75] Prayer UUID: 382d08e9-7361-4ea5-adc0-d45eac1cdf26

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای خداوندِ مهربان، بصيرت‌ها را روشن کن گوش‌ها را شنوا نما دل‌های مُرده را زنده کن نفوسِ خواب را بيدار نما. خداوندا ما را از هر قيدی آزاد فرما و به جهانِ نا محدود خويش دلالت کن. خداوندا عنايتی فرما که تو را بشناسيم و عاشقِ جمالِ تو باشيم، جويای شمسِ حقيقت باشيم از هر اُفقی طالع شود، طالبِ رائحۀ طَيّبه باشيم از هر گُلی انتشار يابد. خداوندا ما را از عالمِ مَحدود نجات ده و به جهانِ نا مَحدودِ خويش رسان تا در سَبيلِ تو سُلوک نمائيم، جستجوی تو نمائيم و مشاهدۀ جمال و کمالِ تو کنيم. توئی بخشنده توئی مهربان توئی قادر و توانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[76] Prayer UUID: 3e35ee2d-7cde-41cb-94f5-675085969e66

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، ستايش تو را که اين بي‌نوا را با نوا کردی و اين مُستمَند را به گنج روان دلالت فرمودی، اين قافلۀ گُمگَشته را به کعبۀ مقصود هدايت فرمودی و اين ماهیِ تشنه لب را از مَعينِ عينِ تسنيم نوشانيدی، پس اگر در دهان صد هزار زبان بگشايم و به هر زبان حمد و ستايشِ تو نمايم از عُهدۀ شُکرِ الطافت در نيايم که چنين موهبتی مبذول فرمودی و چنين اِحسان رايگان داشتی. ای يزدان مهربان، ثابت نما و نابت کن، مُستقيم فرما و در محفل اسرار همدم و نديم کن، ای کريم، توئی صاحب فضل عظيم، اِنّکَ اَنتَ الرّحمَنُ الرّحيم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[77] Prayer UUID: 3e4aef88-8489-4ec6-a359-b475d34b10d3

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای خداوند بيمانند، به حِکمَتِ کُبرايت اِقتران در بين اَقران مُقدّر فرمودی تا سُلالۀ انسان در عالمِ امکان تسلسل يابد و همواره تا جهان باقی به عبوديّت و عبادت و پرستش و ستايش و نيايش درگاه احديّتت مشغول و مألوف گردند "وَ ما خَلَقْتُ الْجِنَّ وَ الْإِنْسَ إِلّا لِيَعْبُدُوْنَ"، حال اين دو مرغِ آشيانۀ محبّتت را در ملکوتِ رحمانيّتت عَقدِ اِقتران ببند و وسيلۀ حصولِ فيضِ جاودان فرما تا از اجتماعِ آن دو بحرِ محبّت، موج الفت بر خيزد و لئالی سُلالۀ نجيبۀ مقدّسه بر ساحل وجود ريزد. "مَرَجَ البَحْرَيْنِ يَلْتَقِيانِ بَيْنَهُما بَرْزَخٌ لا يَبْغِيانِ فَبِأَيِّ آلاءِ رَبِّکُما تُکَذِّبانِ يَخْرُجُ مِنْهُمَا الْلُّؤْلُؤُ وَالْمَرْجانُ". ای خداوندِ مهربـان، ايـن اقتران را اسبابِ توليدِ دُرّ و مرجان فرما. اِنَّکَ اِنتَ المُقتَدرُ العَزيزُ الغَفورُالرّحمَنُ الرّحيم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[78] Prayer UUID: 3f249630-0326-4415-beb8-75fc656c48f4

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگارِ عالميان، در اين جهان به آتشِ عشقت بسوز و درآن جهان به مشاهدۀ روی مه رويت کامران فـرما. در اين عالم چون شمع بگداز و در آن عالم چـون پـروانه گِردِ شعلۀ جمالت پـرواز ده. تـوئی خُجسته دلبرِ من و تـوئی فـرخنده يارِ جان پـرور من والبهاء علیک.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH02198 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[79] Prayer UUID: 3ffb7377-98fb-446c-a9e1-c2418e4d86d0

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگارِ بی انباز، آن ابرار را در ظلّ عنايتت پرورش ده و آن احرار را از جميع قيودات آزاد فرما، در هر دَمی شبنمی از رشحاتِ ابرِ عنايت  عطا فرما و در هر نَفَسی نَفحۀِ مشکين نَفَسی بر مشامشان عرضه دار تا به جان و دل به محبّتت  روح و ريحان يابند و مانند نارِ مُوقده در نهايتِ التهاب به آتشِ عشقت افروزند. توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی کريم و رحيم و بينا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[81] Prayer UUID: 40764483e260

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=70)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[82] Prayer UUID: 40c31bd5-d9ea-4101-a1c1-050035af8acf

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
خدايا، اين چه فضليست که عنايت فرمودی و اين چه احسانيست که ارزان کردی؟ قلوب را حُکمِ قلب واحد دادی و نُفوس را رابطۀ شخصِ مُنفَرِد، اجسام را احساسِ جان عنايت کردی و اجساد را اِدراکِ روح و روان، اين ذَرّاتِ تُرابيّه را به شُعاعِ آفتابِ رحمانيّه نمايش و وجودی عنايت کردی و اين قطراتِ فانيه را به امواجِ بحرِ احديّت هيجان و طوفان مرحمت فرمودی. ای توانائی که کاه را قُدرت کوه عنايت کنی و خاک را جلوه گاه آفتابِ پر شکوه فرمائی، لطف و مرحمتی که بر خدمتِ امرت قيام نمائيم تا در بين ملأ امکان شرمسار نگرديم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[83] Prayer UUID: 40f02f54-6ee6-41bb-a90b-a525ca88721f

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای خداوندِ بی‌همتا، این نفوس را سرا پا نورانی و قلوبشان را رحمانی کن و جانشان را سُبحانی نما تا در جمیعِ مراتب به آنچه لایقِ این یومِ عظیم است قیام نمایند و موفّق به رضای تو شوند.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[84] Prayer UUID: 41037e46-47ce-4d10-b58f-33fdd8c004b6

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، عاشقان را از بلا ساغرِ لبريز در کام ريز و مشتاقان را در راه محبّتت زهر شهد کن و نوش نيش نما، سرها را زينتِ سنان کن و دل‌ها را هدفِ سَهمِ بی امان فرما، اين جانِ پژمرده را در سبيل فدا زنده فرما و اين قلبِ افسرده را به کأس جفا طراوت و لطافت بخش، مدهوش جامِ الست کن و سرمستِ پيمانه بدست فرما، به جانفشانی مؤيّد فرما و به قربانی مـوفّق کن. تـوئی مقتدر و تـوانا و توئی دانا و بينا و شنوا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[85] Prayer UUID: 41c2e836-e670-42c9-a437-4bc7cc3255a7

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای پـروردگارِ بـی انباز، مُقَدّسی و مُنزّه، رحيمی و مهربان، مُجيری و دستگير، اين بيچارگان را در پناه خود منزل ده و اين افتادگان را در کَهفِ حفظ و حمايتِ خويش از شَرّ اهلِ نفاق محفوظ دار. اَنتَ الحَافِظُ  المُقتَدر العَزيز القَدير.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH07469 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[86] Prayer UUID: 43193dc4-3aee-42a0-8a0f-0eb39e6de2b3

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
خداوندا مهربانا کريما رحيما، ما بندگانِ آستان توئيم و جميع در ظلّ وحدانيّت تو، آفتابِ رحمتت بر کُلّ مُشرِق و اَبرِ عِنايتت بر کُلّ می‌بارد، الطافت شاملِ کُلّ است و فَضلت رازقِ کُلّ، جميع را محافظه فرمائی و کُلّ را به‌نظرِ مَکرُمَت منظور داری. ای پروردگار، الطاف بی پايان شامل کن، نورِ هدايت برافروز، چشم‌ها را روشن کن، دل‌ها را سُرور ابدی بخش، نفوس را روحِ تازه ده و حياتِ اَبَديّه احسان فرما، ابوابِ عرفان بگشا، نورِ ايمان تابان نما، در ظلّ عنايتت کُلّ را متّحد کن و جميع را متّفق فرما تا جميعِ انوارِ يک شمس شوند، امواجِ يک دريا گردند، اَثمارِ يک شجر شوند، از يک چشمه نوشند، از يک نسيم به اهتزاز آيند، از يک انوار اقتباس نمايند. توئی دهنده و بخشنده و توانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[88] Prayer UUID: 470affaf-0ffa-4141-be5b-1d9c789a3a8c

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای بی نياز، سِتايش تو را سزاست که اين گمگشتگان را به شاهراهِ هدايت دلالت فرمودی و اين تشنگان را به عَينِ عِنايت رساندی و اين درماندگان را در ظِلّ کلمۀ الهيّه پناه دادی. اِنّکَ اَنتَ الکَريم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[89] Prayer UUID: 4822bdfc-ad92-47eb-8d52-1b5c35c22887

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
رحمانا رحيما کريما، شرق و غرب از انوار مَشرق جمال مُنَوّر است و مشام روحانيان از نَفَحاتِ قُدست مُعطّر. خداوندا، بندگان را در ظِلّ عنايت پناه ده، نادانان را بر اسرارِ حقيقت آگاه کن، بيچارگان را مَلجأی بخش و آوارگان را سر و سامانی ده، دل‌های شکسته را مسرور کن و مرغانِ بال شکسته را پرواز ده، تشنگان را از سَلسَبيلِ عنايت بنوشان و فقيران را از گنجِ ملکوت مُستغنی فرما، طفلان را در مهدِ عنايت پرورش ده تا به بلوغ برسند، مريضان را به درمانِ آسمانی درمان فرما تا صحّت و عافيت يابند. خداوندا، کوران را بينا کن و کران را شنوا نما، مُردگان را زنده کن و پژمردگان را تر و تازه فرما، نوميدان را اميدوار کن و مَحرومان را به هر عطائی سزاوار فرما، توئی بخشنده توئی دهنده و توئی مهربان. ای پروردگار، هر چند ضعيفيم ولی تو قوی هستی و هر چند فقيريم تو غنی هستی و هر چند ذليليم تو عزيز هستی، پس نظر به فقر و ضعف مفرما بلکه آنچه مقتضای غَنایِ مُطلق و قوّت و قدرت تست ارزانی کن. توئی رحيم توئی رحمن توئی بخشنده توئی مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[90] Prayer UUID: 49c6ff1e-1712-4a83-bbc7-8a49a91e992a

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهَا مَعبُودا مَلِكا مَقصُودا
به‌چه لسان تو را شكر نمايم؟ غافل بودم آگاهم فرمودی، مُعرض بودم بر اِقبال تأييد نمودی، مُرده بودم از آبِ حيات زندگی بخشيدی، پژمرده بودم از كوثرِ بيان كه از قلمِ رحمن جاری شده تازگی عطا كردی. پروردگارا، وجودِ كُلّ از جودت موجود، از بحرِ كَرَمَت محروم مفرما و از دريایِ رحمتت منع مكن. در هر حال توفيق و تأييد مي‌طلبم و از سماءِ فضل بخششِ قديمت را سائلم. توئی مالِكِ عطا و سُلطان ملكوتِ بقا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[91] Prayer UUID: 4a9f0574-01ca-4240-b2db-ece0a9632720

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای خداوندِ مهربان، هر چند وجودِ نابودم ولی اميد به فضل و جودِ تو دارم و هر چند از قابليّتِ و استعداد محرومم ولی رجا به فضل و عنايتِ تو دارم، گمراه بودم هدايت فرمودی، نابينا بودم بينا کردی، مَحروم بودم مَحرَمِ راز فرمودی، مُرده بودم به نفحاتِ گلشنِ قُدس زنده فرمودی. حال ای پروردگار، استقامت بخش، ثبوت عنايت فرما تا در مَحبَّتِ مَطلعِ احديّتت ثابت مانم و از انوارِ شمسِ حقيقت مُقتبِس گردم، به ذکر و ثنايت ناطق شوم و به عِبادتِ جَمالِ رحمانيّتت مشغول گردم، غيرِ تو را فراموش کنم و از ذکرِ ماسوی خاموش شوم و از جامِ مَحبّتت سر مست و مَدهوش گردم و به خدمت امرت پردازم و به اَبدَعِ نَغَمات در محافلِ اماءِ رحمن لسان به ذکرت بگشايم و محفل بيارايم. توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی مؤيّد و موفّق و بينا يا رَبِّيَ الأَعلی.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[92] Prayer UUID: 4acf3873-8136-4d2c-abca-4709812649c6

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهَا مَعبُودا مَسجودا كَريما رَحيما
تو آگاهی و دانائی اين عباد  لئالی محبّتت را  در خزائن افئده و قلوب به اسمت حفظ نمودند. حال از تو مي‌طلبيم و مَسألت مي‌نمائيم  ما را از سارقين و خائنين حراست نما و حفظ فرما. توئی قادر و توانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[93] Prayer UUID: 4b82fe76-f3bc-472c-97b2-54fe11cb96eb

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، اين عزيزان ذليلِ سبيلِ تو گشتند و اين مه رويان در راهِ محبّتت به خون آغشتند، هر سينۀ مانند آينه پاره پاره گشتند و هر دلی از آب و گِل آزاده، شرحه شرحه شده، سرهای بزرگوار در زيـر پاي‌های جُهّال پايمال شده، حَنجرِ نورانی به خَنجرِ نفوس ظُلمانی آزرده گشته و قلوب رحمانی به سهام شيطانی خسته گرديده. اين نُفوس نَفيسه در دست هر خَسيسی گرفتار شده و اين وُجوه نورانيّه به غبار طُغيان مَظاهر شيطانيّه افسرده گشته. ای پروردگار، از آن جام سرشار قطره‌ای نثار فرما و از آن گلشن فدا نَفحه‌ای به مَشامِ من آر تا مُنجَذِبِ آفاق گردم و سرگشته و سودائی آن جمالِ پُر انوار شوم و جان و روان قربان نمايم وعلیک التحیۀ والثناء.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[94] Prayer UUID: 4bb0cd40-d956-4bd6-8fa7-12f46b685225

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای متوجّه الی اللّه، ديده به مَلکوتِ غيبِ جبروت باز کن و به ايـن مناجات آغاز نياز کن که: ای مهربان، تو سَتر کن و بپوش، خطا از ما عطا از تو، جفا از ما وفا از تو، گناه از ما پناه از تو، بيماری از ما شفا از تو، بپوش و بيامرز، وفا کن، پناه ده، شفا بخش.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[95] Prayer UUID: 4fb9d5eb-6b30-4d32-b63a-6fc05152eaa8

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، اين بندۀ گنه‌کار را در ظلِّ شجرۀِ عنايت ملجأ و پناهی بخش و بر حقيقتِ اسرارت آگاهی ده، بر عهد و ميثاقت ثابت و محکم بدار و بر پيمان و ايمانت اسُتوار فرما، چه که ارياحِ افتتان شديد است و صَرصَر امتحان غبارانگيز. خدايا ثابت بدار، خدايا نابت کن، خدايا محفوظ و مَصون دار و مَحظوظ و مَأمون بنما. توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی حافظِ بی نظير و همتا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[96] Prayer UUID: 50d3664b-f96f-4da6-8ba4-d6b8284e3bcf

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
خداوندِ مهربانا کريما رحيما، اين جمع را به شمعِ مَحبّت روشن نما و اين نفوس را به نَفَثاتِ روح ‌القدس زنده کن، انوارِ آسمانی ببخش و موهبتِ کُبری مَبذول دار تأييدات غيبيّه برسان و مُکاشِفاتِ روحانيّه ارزان فرما، ديده‌ها را به نورِ هُدی روشن کن و دل‌ها را به فيوضات نا متناهی غِبطه گلشن نما، ارواح را بشارتِ کبری ده و نفوس را به موهبتِ عُظمی مفتخر نما. ای پروردگار، فقيرانيم گنجِ ملکوت ارزانی نما، ذليلانيم در ملکوتت عزيز فرما، بی سر و سامانيم در پناهت ملجأ و مأوی ده، طالبانيم به الطافِ بی پايان رهبری نما، ساکتانيم نُطقِ فَصيح بخش، بی قوّتيم قدرتِ ملکوت احسان فرما. پروردگارا آمرزگارا، خطا ببخش عَطا بده گناه بيامرز، ما را آداب رحمانی بياموز. توئی دهنده توئی بخشنده توئی مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[97] Prayer UUID: 51656248-45b5-430f-9eee-b19b4c94c7dd

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلَها مَعبُودا
تو را ذكر مي‌نمايم و به حَبلِ عِنايتت مُتمسّك و به ذيلِ رحمتت مُتشبّثم. از تو آمُرزشِ قديمت را مي‌طلبم و فضلِ عَميمت را مي‌جويم. اَسألُكَ بِاَنوارِ اَنبيائِكَ وَ رُسُلِكَ اَن تُؤيّدَنی عَلی ذِكرِكَ وَ ثَنائِكَ وِالعَمَلِ بِما اَمَرتَنی بِهِ فی كِتابِكَ. اِنّكَ اَنتَ المُقتُدرُ عَلی ما تَشاءُ لا اِلهَ اِلّا اَنتَ الغَفُورالكَريمُ.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[98] Prayer UUID: 51e561f5-6ba5-4c9b-96c4-ed13f63c2036

FULL TEXT (fa):
بِسْمه المُهيمن القَيُّوم
#"ای كنيزِ من، به‌اين بيان كه از مَشرِقِ فَمِ رحمن اشراق نموده ناطق باش"
ای پروردگارِ من و يكتا خداوندِ بي‌مانندِ من، شهادت مي‌دهم به يكتائی تو و به‌اينكه از برای تو وزير و معينی نبوده و نيست. لَم يَزَل يكتا بوده‌ای و لا يَزال خواهی بود. ای خدایِ من و محبوبِ جانِ من، امروز روزي‌است كه فُراتِ رحمت جاری و آفتابِ كَرَم مُشرِق و سماءِ عنايت مُرتَفَع است. قسم مي‌دهم تو را به‌اسمِ سَتّارت كه آنچه به‌غيرِ رضایِ تو عمل شده سَتر فرمائی و به‌اسم غفورت از ما درگذری و به‌خِلَعِ غُفران، عباد و اماء خود را مُزيّن داری. ای محبوب من و مقصود من، مشاهده مي‌نمائی كنيز خود را كه به‌تو توجّه نموده و به‌ نارِ مَحبّتت مُشتَعل گَشته و به بی‌نيازی تو تمسّك جُسته و دست‌های رَجا را به‌شطرِ تو بلند نمـوده. عطا فـرما آنچه را كـه سزاوارِ تـو است. ای پروردگار من، در اين روزِ مبارك كنيزان خود را مَحروم مفرما و از قلمِ اعلی اَجرِ لِقا از برای كُلّ ثبت نما. توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی بينا و دانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[99] Prayer UUID: 52cc82af-44f1-4be0-93d6-eb675309ba3a

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای يزدان مهربان، غريق بحرِ عِصيانم طريقِ غفران بنما سراسر قصورم از دامِ غرور رهائی بخش، جسمانيم روحانی نما، امکانيم رحمانی کن، تشنۀ ماء مَعينم به عينِ تَسنيم دلالت فرما، مشتاقِ ديدارم مشاهدهِ انوار ميسّر فرما، از خود بيزارم گرفتار خويش کن از عالميان در کنارم نفحهِ زلفِ مشکبار به مشامم آر، سرگردانم سر و سامان بخش، بيچاره‌ام آواره‌ام پناه ده، مشتاقم به وثاقِ وصال در آر، در احتراقم، نورِ اشراق ببار، ضعيفم توانا نما، فقيرم از کَنزِ غَنا عطا کن، دردمندم درمان ده، جريحم مرهم عطا کن، گرفتارم رهائی بخش، پر گناهم از ذِلّت عِصيان بِرَهان، در ظلّ عنايت مسکن بخش و به‌صِرفِ موهبت معامله فرما تا پی به جهان ديگر بَرَم و به کشور ديگر رهبر شوم، از کأسِ طَهور سرمست گردم و در ميخانه محبّت می پرست شوم. توئی قادر و توانا و توئی کريم و رحيم و پر عطا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[100] Prayer UUID: 53c82248-d014-467e-b403-4fd8687e2a63

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه تعالی
پروردگارا آمُرزِگارا، نَفسِ نَفیسی به ملکوتِ شهود صعود نمود و از خاکدانِ فانی به جهانِ جاودانی شتافت، میهمانِ جدید است عزیز فرما، بندۀ قدیم است خِلعَتِ بَدیع عطا کن، ای بی‌نیاز بیامرز و بِنَواز و به خلوتگاهِ راز راه ده و در محفلِ تَجَلّی همدم و دمساز نما. توئی دهنده و بخشنده و مهربان و توئی آمرزنده و نوازنده و توانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[101] Prayer UUID: 545584a4-eb35-43e0-b659-5b456a3e822e

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، اين ياران را بنواز و به آتش عشق بگداز و به رازت دمساز نما، موهبتِ ملکوتِ ابهايت رايگان کن و رحمتِ افقِ اعلايت شايان فرما زيرا منجذبِ جمالِ نورانيند و زنده از نَفَس رحمانی، سبزهِ چمنزارِ حقيقتند و شکوفه بوستان معرفت، آوارۀ تو‌‌‌‌اند و بيچارۀ تو، افتادۀ تو ‌اند و دلدادۀ تو، در ظِلّ جَناحِ احديّتت از امتحاناتِ شديده حفظ فرما و در پناهِ رحمانيّتت از حوادثِ زمانه محروس دار. توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی حاضر و بينا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[102] Prayer UUID: 55bc2f1e-6e8d-4557-99f0-0a1aebf8cc4d

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهَا پَروَردِگارا مَحبوبا مَقصُودا
به‌تو آمده‌ام و از تو مي‌طلبم آنچه را كه سبب بخششِ تو است. توئی بحرِ جود و مالكِ وجود. لازال لحاظت علّتِ ظهور بخشش و عطا. عبادِ خود را محروم منما و از بِساطِ قُدس و قُرب منع مفرما. توئی بخشنده و مهربان. لا اِلهَ اِلّا اَنتَ العَزيزُالمَنّان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[103] Prayer UUID: 590dcc37-3211-4fd4-8ec2-b5aa70a2d3e3

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای بخشنده و درخشنده و مهربان، شکر تو را که شاهراه حقيقت نمودی و عِنايت فرمودی و صبحِ روشنی طالع نمودی و فضای گلشنی واسع بگستردی، در ظلّ شَجَرۀ اَنيسا مأوی بخشيدی و بزم الَست آراستی و از جامِ ميثاق سر مست فرمودی و در زمرۀ ثابتان اين دوستان را محشور نمودی. ای مهربان، توئی مؤسّسِ عهد و پيمان، ای يزدان توئی ملجأ و پناه راسخان، ای مَنّان توئی مُذِلِّ بي‌خردان و مُنتَقِمِ از مُتزلزلان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[104] Prayer UUID: 595383ae-d4f3-41af-b8af-725fd5de9135

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای خدای مهربان، اين نوگُلِ گلستانِ مَحبّتت را از شبنمِ عِنايت تَر و تازه بفرما و اين تازه نهالِ بوستانِ هدايت را به تربيتِ باغبانِ احديّت پرورش ده و اين شاخِ سبز را در گُلشنِ الطاف مُزيّن به شکوفه و برگ کن و اين دُردانۀ معرفت را در آغوشِ صَدفِ رحمت بپرور. ای خداوند، هر مستمندی را توانگر نما و هر دردمندی را درمان بخش، هر فقيری را به گنجِ روان دلالت کن و هر اسيری را از زنجيرِ قُيود آزادی بخش. توئی توانا  و بينا و آگاه و شنوا، تأييد احسان نما.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[105] Prayer UUID: 5a9f4c53-e78e-4025-a3b5-0450141aab35

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالله
ای جلیل اکبر، این کنیز صغیر را دختر خوش اختر فرما و در درگاه احدیتت عزیز کن. ازجام مَحبّتت لبریز نما تا شور و وَلَهی انگیزد و مُشک و عنبری بیزَد. تویی مقتدر و توانا و تویی دانا و بینا. ع ع

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[106] Prayer UUID: 5b218b21-12e0-488e-a6ed-284cf6c5dd91

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای پروردگار، اين دوستان ياران تو اند و سر مستِ پيمانۀ پيمانِ تو، همه پروردۀ آغوشِ بخششند و شيرخوارِ پستانِ دهشِ خداونـدِ آفـرينش، اگـر مستمندند ولی هوشمندند، اگر ناتوانند ولی زورمندند چه که تو پشتيبانی، تو ياور مهربانی، در جهانِ کيهانْ سر بلند نما و در ايوانِ يزدانی جای بده، در انجمنِ بالا رو سفيد فرما و دَرِ اميد بگشا و از بخشش آسمانی بهره بخش، شبِ تيره را روز فرما و روزِ نوروز را فيروز کن. توئی توانا توئی بينا توئی شنوا توئی بي‌همتا توئی مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] AB00553 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Fill up for me the cup of detachment from all things, and in the assembly of Thy splendors and bestowals, rejoice me with the wine of loving Thee.  Free me from the assaults of passion and desire, break off from me the shackles of this nether world, draw me with rapture unto Thy supernal realm, and refresh me amongst the handmaids with the breathing of Thy holiness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Powerful, the Ever-Giving, the Able, the Omnipotent.

  [2] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [3]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[107] Prayer UUID: 5bd486d0-7831-445e-bea0-d0c82c02bbd1

FULL TEXT (fa):
هوالأبهی
ای یزدانِ رحمن، جانم فدای خاکِ آستانت، بویِ خوشی به مَشامم رسان و به کوی خویش دلالت فرما، بیچاره‌ام چاره‌ای کن، آواره‌ام دلِ صد پاره ده، مونس جانم باش و راحت و مَسرّتِ وجدانم گرد، چون عِنایت کنی اُنس است و چون عدالت نمائی وحشت است. توئی رحیم و کریم و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[109] Prayer UUID: 5f03712c-7545-421a-a895-19f782d276da

FULL TEXT (fa):
ای یزدانِ مهربان
یارانت بی سر و سامانند و دوستانت اسیر در دست عوانان. از هـر طرف  تیر  و سنانـی و  از هـر شخصی زخمی بی امان. با وجود اين سر گشتۀ کوی تواند و آشفتۀ موی تو و دلداده روی تو. هر بلائی را وَلا دانند و هر دردی را درمان شمرند. غُل و زنجير را تاج و سَرير يابند و زندان را ايـوان بی پايان دانند  به‌کلّی جان فشانند. ای خداوند، هوشمندان را بنواز و همدم و همرازِ عبدالبهاء ساز، تا کُلّ  جان و دل در کَف گرفته نثارِ درگاه تـو نمائيم و روی تـو جوئيم و به کوی تـو پی بريم و رازِ تـو گوئيم. تـوئی مقتدر و تـوانا و واقف و بينا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[110] Prayer UUID: 5f974fed-9e32-4652-ba36-2e9593e2e73e

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهَا كَريما رَحيما
آيا از برای عالم سَمع و بَصَر عطا فرمودی و يا آنكه مَحروم داشتی. از تو سؤال مي‌نمايم به‌عزّت و عَظمت و جود و كَرَمَت كه آنچه عطا فرمودی ظاهـر نمائی تا نعمتت بر عالميان هويدا گردد و اِشراقات انوارِ نيّرِ جود جميع وجود را مُنَوّر فرمايد. قسم به‌ذاتِ مُقدّست اگر به‌دوامِ مُلك و مَلكوتت اظهار نداری در بخشش و عطايت از برای وجود رَيبی حاصل نه. غَناء آنِ تو و فقراء به‌بابِ تو. اگر عطا فرمائی شاكريم و اگر مَحروم نمائی حامد و صابريم. ای پروردگار، از اراده‌ات به‌وجود آمديم و به‌تو در يومِ تو راجع گشتيم. ايـن خادم سائل و آمل. عِبادت را از امواجِ بحرِ عَطايت منع مفرما و كُلّ را به‌طِرازِ جود و بخششت مزيّن نما. اِنَّكَ اَنتَ المُقتَدرُ العَزيزُالحَميدُ.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[111] Prayer UUID: 5f9fc7ee-a28c-4a2e-be01-97b55b5463f1

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، اين گروهِ جان نثار ياران ديرينند و با هم همدَم و همنشين، گفتگو شيرين و شکرين و بزم مانندِ بهشت بَرين، زيرا رویِ تـو جويند راهِ تـو پويند رازِ تـو گويند و هر دَم در جستجويند که آنچه شايان اين روزگار است بيابند و جهان بيارايند. ای بخشنده، چَرَنده و پَرَنده را پناهی و به رازِ درون آگاه، جويندگان را يابندگان کن و آرزومندان را شادمان فرما، تشنگان را سيراب کن و آزُردِگان را آسايشِ دل و جان بخش. ستايش تو را که راه نمودی و رهبر فرمودی و بخشش افزودی و اين مرغان را به آشيانه و لانه و کاشانۀ بلند راه بنمودی. توئی بينا و دانا و توانا و شنوا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[112] Prayer UUID: 5fa397c4d6d5

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=65)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=65)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[115] Prayer UUID: 61283024-a125-4b9a-84c4-efa25740de5a

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای پروردگار، این جوهرِ ابرار را یار و یاور باش، کامکار کن بزرگوار نما، همواره مَشام از نَفَحاتِ قُدس مُعَطّر کن و در دو جهان روی منوّر نما و خوی مُعَنبَر. توئی دهنده و بخشنده و توانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[116] Prayer UUID: 61397f69-1f99-4468-bcae-697cd7edf6e5

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، اين انجمن را روشن نما و اين جمع را شمعِ عالم کن زيرا نيّتشان خيرِ عمومی است و مقصدشان خدمت به عالمِ انسانی. ای خداوندِ مهربان، چنين انجمن سزاوارِ الطاف است و چنين جمع لايقِ فضل و  موهبتِ بی پايان. توئی مقتدر و عزيز و توانا و توئی خداوند يکتا و بی همتا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[117] Prayer UUID: 6382f51b-f74a-4f7b-bb00-62720ebf3315

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای پروردگارِ مهربان، دوستان را در صونِ حمايت خويش محفوظ دار و از کم و بيش بيزار کن، از کون و امکان و آلايشِ اکوان منقطع فرما و به نفحاتِ لا‌مکان زنده و تر و تازه.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH07469 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[118] Prayer UUID: 642981c2-458f-4fd4-b020-8a45c37392e3

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالاَبهی
ای پروردگار، ايـن بندۀ درمانده را در کَهفِ مَنيعت مأوی  ده و در مَلاذ رَفيعت مسکن بخش، شمع روشنی در قلبش بر افـروز  و چشمۀ سلسبيلی از دلش جاری کن، ابـوابِ فيض بر رخش بر گشا  و اَسرارِ غيب به فؤادش الهام فـرما. تـوئی نصير تـوئی ظَهير تـوئی مُجير تـوئی دستگير، چون به تـو پردازيم از همه چيز آزاديم، چـون بـه پيمان و ايمانِ تـو ثـابت و استواريم از غير تـو بيزاريم. پـروردگارا رحم کـن استقامت بخش.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[119] Prayer UUID: 654143c6-4dba-4e96-aece-82dd30ed5810

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوَالله
ای پروردگار این آورگان را به سایۀ خویش در آوردی و سَر و سامان دادی. نیستی را هستی دادی و نابود را وجود بخشیدی تشنگان را آب گوارا دادی و گرسنگان را سفرۀ مُهنّا گستردی و نعمت مهیّا رایگان نمودی   پس در هر موردی مَلجآ و پناه باش و در هر مقصدی مُعین و مُستعان گرد توی مقتدر و توانا  تویی دهنده و شنونده و توانا و بینا ع ع

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[120] Prayer UUID: 67a5822c-77b7-4441-a0b2-ed09375de4a7

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار ای پناه آوارگان، تو آگاهِ فغان و آهِ صبحگاهی، عنايتی فرما و رحمتی کن تا جان‌های مشتاقان به مَلکوت احديّتت بشتابند و ارواح آوارگان در سايۀ رحمتت بياسايند، فُرقت پر حرقت جان‌را بگدازد و حِرمان و هِجران روان را مرده و پژمرده نمايد. پس ای خدای مهربان، تأييدی بخش و توفيقی ده تا از اين دام و دانه بِرَهيم و به آشيانه رحمت بَر پَريم و در شاخسار وحدت در حَديقۀ عِنايت به انواعِ اَلحان به مَحامِد و نُعُوتِ تو مشغول گرديم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[121] Prayer UUID: 680c6a58-2b45-4e3f-a342-7cebae2d41fa

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای پروردگار ای مهربان، اين دوستان مُعتَکِفِ آستانند و اين ياران از حرارتِ مَحبّت شعلۀ سوزان، به يادِ تو چون بحرِ مَوّاجند و در انجمنِ توحيد چون سِراجِ وَهّاج، هر يک موجی در بَحرِ عِنايتند و هر يک دُرجی از لئالیِ هدايت، در سحرگاه با دلی آگاه بِگريند و بِزارند و در شبانگاه به يادِ جمالت بخوابند و بيارامند، توئی بخشنده و مهربان و توئی پاينده و رحمن. ای بی‌نياز، مُردگان را بيامُرز و بازماندگان را بنواز، درماندگان را درمان شو و آزادگان را پناه و امان، از قُصور در گذر و ذُنوب ببخشا، تـو سَتّاری تـو آمرزگار.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[122] Prayer UUID: 684e4751-cf44-454e-83cd-0c0bf7b795f4

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوّالابهی
ای پروردگار ستایش و نیایش تو را لایق و سزاوار که این مردۀ افسرده را جان بخشیدی و این گمگشته سر گشته را به دارُ الاّمان راه دادی  این بر سر و سامان را در مَآمن الطاف پناه دادی  و این تشنۀ سوخته را به رحیق مختوم و ماءِ عَذبِ حّیَوان سیراب فرمودی چه که به هِدایتِ کُبری فائز داشتی و به موهبتِ عُظمی مخصّص کردی کردگارا شکر تو را  حمد تو را  نیایش تو را ع ع

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[123] Prayer UUID: 68a33c72-41e8-4273-968d-b86300aa38e4

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای خداوند بنده‌پَروَر، پدرِ این مِهرپَرور را به بهشتِ بَرین رهبر شو و از گُناه و خطا درگذر تا در جهانِ دیگر با رُخی مُنَوّر در میان آزادگان مَحشور گردد و به نظرِ عِنایت منظور. توئی کریم و رحیم و غفور و رووّف و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH02198 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[124] Prayer UUID: 691c261d-b37d-4ea6-8d4d-435ad39098a5

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای خداوندِ مهربان، به فریادِ بیچارگان برس، ای پاکِ یزدان بر این اطفالِ یتیم رحم فرما، ای خداوندِ بی‌نیاز این سیلِ شدید را قطع کن، ای خالق جهانیان این آتشِ افروخته را خاموش کن، ای دادرسِ به فریادِ یتیمان برس، ای داورِ حقیقی مادرانِ جگرخون را تسلّی ده، ای رحمنِ رحیم بر چشمِ گریان و دلِ سوزانِ پدران رحم نما، ایـن طوفان را ساکت کن و ایـن جَنگِ جهانگیر را به صلح و آشتی مُبَدّل فرما. توئی بینا و شنوا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[125] Prayer UUID: 6a93df79-50ed-4874-a831-214303b02200

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای جليلِ اکبر، اين کنيزِ صغير را دخترِ خوش اختر فرما و در درگاهِ احديّتت عزيز کن از جامِ مَحبّتت لبريز نما تا شور و ولهی انگيزد و مُشک و عَنبَری بيزد توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی دانا و بينا .

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[126] Prayer UUID: 6aac1dda-d0d6-4d4f-bef5-51e01aec9af3

FULL TEXT (fa):
اين مناجات را هر نفسی به کمالِ تَضَرّع و ابتهال بخواند سببِ روح و ريحانِ قلبِ اين عبد گردد و حُکمِ ملاقات دارد.
هُوالابهی
اِلهی اِلهی انّی اَبْسُطُ اِليکَ اَکُفَّ التَّضَرُّعِ وَ التَّبَتُّلِ و الابتهال وَ اَعَفِّرُ وَجْهی بتُرابِ عَتَبَة تَقَدَّسَتْ عَنْ اِدْراکِ اَهْلِ الحَقايِقِ و النُّعوتِ مِنْ اَوْلِی الأَلْبابِ اَنْ تَنْظُرَ الی عبدِکَ اَلْخاضِعِ الْخاشِعِ بِبابِ اَحديّتک بِلَحَظاتِ اَعْيُنِ رَحْمانِيَّتِکَ وَ تُغَمِّرَهُ فی بِحارِ رَحْمَةِ صَمَدانيّتکَ اَيْ رَبِّ اِنَّهُ عَبدُکَ البائِسُ الفَقِيْرُ وَ رَقِيْقُکَ السّائِلُ المُتَضَرِّعُ الأَسِيْرُ مُبْتَهِلٌ اِلَيْکَ مُتَوَکِّلٌ عَليکَ مُتَضَرِّعٌ بَيْنَ يَديْکَ يُنادِيْکَ و يُناجِيْکَ وَ يَقُول: رَبِّ اَيِّدْنِی علی خِدمةِ اَحِبّائِکَ و قَوِّنی عَلی عُبُوْدِيَّةِ  حَضْرَةِ اَحَدِيَّتِکَ و نَوِّر جَبِيْنِی بِاَنْوارِ التَّعَبُّدِ فِی ساحَة قُدسِکَ و التَّبَتُّلِ اِلی مَلَکُوتِ عَظَمَتِکَ وَ حَقِّقْنِی بالفَناءِ فی فِناءِ بابِ أُلُوهِيَّتِکَ و اَعِنِّی عَلَی المُواظَبَة عَلَی الإِنْعِدام فی رَحْبَةِ رُبُوْبِيَّتِکَ. اَی رَبِّ اسْقِنِی کَأْسَ الفَناءِ و اَلْبِسْنِی ثَوْبَ الفَناءِ و اَغْرِقْنِی فِی بَحْرِ الفَناءِ وَ اْجْعَلْنِی غُباراً فِی مَمَرِّ الْأَحِبّاءِ وَ اجْعَلْنِی فِداءً لِلأَرْضِ الَّتی وَطِئَتْها اَقْدامُ الْأَصْفِياء فی سَبِيْلِکَ  يا رَبَّ الْعِزَّةِ وَ العُلی اِنَّکَ اَنْتَ الکَريمُ  الرَّحيمُ المُتَعال.
هذا ما يُناديکَ بِه ذلِکَ العَبْدُ فی البُکُوْرِ و الآصالِ  اَی رَبِّ حَقِّقْ آمالَهُ وَ نَوِّرْ اَسْرارَهُ وَ اشْرَحْ صَدْرَهُ و أَوْقِدْ مِصْباحَهُ فی خِدْمَةِ أَمْرِکَ و عِبادِکَ. اِنَّکَ اَنْتَ الکَريمُ الرَّحيمُ الوهّابُ و اِنَّکَ اَنْتَ العَزِيْزُ الرَّؤُفُ الرَّحمنُ.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH01026 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[127] Prayer UUID: 6bb2e7f8-645e-4546-8392-753abef35de5

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای معشوقِ اين شيدائيان و مقصودِ اين سودائيان، پـريشانيم جَمعيّتِ خاطری عطا فـرما، مُستمندانيم توانگر کن، دردمنديم درمانی عنايت نما، مجروح و موجوعيم، مَرهمی مرحمت فرما، گمگشتگانيم هدايت کن، تشنگانيم سيراب نما، آشفتگانيم راحت و سکون ده، ذليليم پرتو عزّت بخش، اُفتاده‌ايم دستگير شو، آزُردِگانيم شادمانی بخش، افسُردِگانيم حَرارت و شوقی عطا فرما، به خدمتِ دوستانت موفّق نما و به عبوديّتِ يارانت مؤيّد کن، اين است منتهی آرزوی دل و جان، اين است منتهی آمال جَنان و وجدان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[128] Prayer UUID: 6bc6e902-1542-4cec-bb3e-a94decac9ff1

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای خدا، تـو شاهدی و گواهی که در دل و جان آرزوئی ندارم جز آنکه به رضايت موفّق گردم و به عبوديّتت مؤيّد شوم، به خدمتت پردازم و در کَرمِ عظيمت بکوشم و جان و دين را در راهت فدا نمايم، توئی دانا توئی بينا هيچ آرزوئی جز اين ندارم که از محبّت سر به کوه و صحرا نهم و فرياد به ظهورِ ملکوتت نمايم و ندايت را به جميع گوش‌ها برسانم. ای خدا، اين بيچاره را چاره‌‌ای بخش و اين دردمند را درمانی ده و اين مريض را عِلاجی عطا کن، با قلبی سوزان و چشمی گريان به درگاهت مناجات مي‌نمايم. ای خدا، در سبيلت هر بلائی را مهيّا هستم و هر صدمه‌ای را به جان و دل آرزو نمايم. ای خدا، از امتحان محافظه نما، تو مي‌دانی که از هر چيزی گذشته‌ام و از هر فکری فارغ شده‌ام، جز ذکر تو شغلی ندارم و جز خدمتت آرزوئی نخواهم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[129] Prayer UUID: 6c93c779-b24e-49a9-84c4-159ef3c8f871

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوَاللهُ تَعالی شَأنُهُ العَظَمَةُ و الاِقتِدارِ   یا اَیُّهَا المَذکُورُ لَدَی المَظلُومِ فی حینِ الخُرُوجِ عَنِ المَدینَة ِ  قُل اِلهی اِلهی خَرَجتُ مِن بَیتی مُتَعصِما بِحَبلِ عِنایَتِکَ وَ اَودَعتُ نَفسی تَحتَ حِفظِکَ وَ حَراسَتِکَ   اَسأَلُکَ بِقُدرَتِکَ اَلّتی بِها حَفِظتَ اَولِیائَکَ مِن کُلِّ ذی غَفلَةٍ و ذی شِرارَةٍ وَ کُلِّ ظالِمٍ عَنیدٍ وَ کُلِّ فاجِرٍ بَعیدٍ   بِاَن تَحفَظَنی بِجُودِکَ وَ فَضِلکَ ثُمَّ اَرجِعنی اِلی مَحَلّی بِحَولِکَ وَ قُوَّتِکَ اِنَّکَ اَنتَ المّقتَدِرُ المُهَمِینُ القَیُّوم. "حضرت بهاء الله"

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[130] Prayer UUID: 6f00e59c-d4e1-4c13-856c-5fccf5633d26

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالله
ای آمرزگارِ بزرگوار، اين گرفتارِ زلف مشکبار را از بادۀ محبّتت جامی سرشار بخش، بيدار و هشيار کن، غمخوار و غمگسار گرد و دلجوئی نما و خوش خوئی عطا کن، ثابت و نابت فرما و قائم و کامل کن، مُقرّب درگاه فرما و واقف و آگاه کن، شعلۀ جهان‌سوز بخش و نالۀ جان‌سوز ده، شمعِ شب افروز فرما و آه دلسوز عطا کن، ناشرِ نفحات فرما و آياتِ باهرات کن، به کوی خويش راه ده و به پرتو روی خويش روشن فرما. توئی مقتدر و عزيز و توانا و توئی بينا و شنوا وخداوند بي‌همتا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[131] Prayer UUID: 6f94fec2-5c13-4d47-94b5-09a4adcd0bc3

FULL TEXT (fa):
هوالابهی
ای پروردگار، هر چند گنه‌کارم ولی به بخششت اميدوار، مستمندم و فقير، توئی ارجمند و مُجير،  دردمندم و حقير، تـوئـی درمانِ هر عليل و اسير. خداوندا، تأييدی بخش و توفيقی احسان فرما تا به خدمت کوشم و رداء موهبت پوشم و سَلسَبيلِ عنايت نوشم  والبهاء عليک.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[132] Prayer UUID: 726b0347-b917-47d1-8c8e-c1fec7a740f1

FULL TEXT (fa):
*يا اِلهِي هَذا عَبْدُكَ وَ ابْنُ عَبْدِكَ الَّذِيْ آمَنَ بِكَ وَبِآياتِكَ وَ تَوَجَّهَ اِلَيْكَ مُنْقَطِعًا عَنْ سِواكَ اِنَّكَ اَنْتَ اَرْحَمُ الرَّاحِمِينَ، اَسْألُكَ يا غَفَّارَ الذُّنُوبِ وَسَتَّارَ العُيُوبِ بِاَنْ تَعْمَلَ بِهِ ما يَنْبَغِيْ لِسَمآءِ جُودِكَ وَبَحْرِ اِفْضالِكَ وَتُدخِلَهُ فِي جِوارِ رَحْمَتِكَ الكُبْرى الَّتِيْ سَبَقَتِ الأَرْضَ وَالسَّمآءَ لا اِلهَ اِلاَّ أَنْتَ الغَفُورُ الْكَرِيمُ.
يَشْرَعُ فِي التَّكْبِيْراتِ سِتّةً مَرَّاتٍ "اللَّهُ أَبْهی".

بايد بعد از هرتكبير "اللَّهُ أَبْهی" نوزده مرتبه قرائت شود:اِنَّا كُلٌّ لِلَّهِ عابِدُونَاِنَّا كُلٌّ لِلَّهِ ساجِدُونَاِنَّا كُلٌّ لِلَّهِ قانِتُونَاِنَّا كُلٌّ لِلَّهِ ذاكرُونَاِنَّا كُلٌّ لِلَّهِ شاكرُونَاِنَّا كُلٌّ لِلَّهِ صابِرُونَ

بايد اين اذكار هر يك نوزده مرتبه بعد از هر تكبير "اللَّهُ أَبْهی" گفته شود.

وفِي النِّساءِ يَقُول (برای اماءالرّحمن قرائت شود):يا اِلهِي هذِهِ اَمَتُكَ وَ ابْنَةُ اَمَتِكَ الَّتيْ آمَنَت بِكَ وَبِآياتِكَ وَ تَوَجَّهَت اِلَيْكَ مُنْقَطِعَةً عَنْ سِواكَ اِنَّكَ اَنْتَ اَرْحَمُ الرَّاحِمِينَ، اَسْألُكَ يا غَفَّارَ الذُّنُوبِ وَسَتَّارَ العُيُوبِ بِاَنْ تَعْمَلَ بِهاِ ما يَنْبَغِيْ لِسَمآءِ جُودِكَ وَبَحْرِ اِفْضالِكَ وَتُدخِلَها فِي جِوارِ رَحْمَتِكَ الكُبْرى الَّتِيْ سَبَقَتِ الأَرْضَ وَالسَّمآءَ لا اِلهَ اِلاَّ أَنْتَ الغَفُورُ الْكَرِيمُ.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[133] Prayer UUID: 76a56604-f3ef-4d0d-9b6c-e56556c57dd2

FULL TEXT (fa):
هوالله
ای پروردگار، اين گنه‌کار شرمسار است و گرفتارِ هواجِسِ اين خاکدانِ تاريک و تار. ای محبوبِ مهربان، از نفس و هوی بيزار کن و گرفتار محبّت خويش فرما تا از خود بگذرم، روی تو جويم خوی تو خواهم راه تو پويم، از هر قيدی آزاد شوم و از هر غمی و بلائی دلشاد گردم. توئی بخشنده و دهنده و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[134] Prayer UUID: 77fcb147-396e-44f9-a238-7c0ad0f2546f

FULL TEXT (fa):
الها مَعبودا مَسجودا
این مشتِ خاک را از اِهتزاز کلمۀ مبارکه منع منما و از حرارتِ محبت محروم مساز  دریاهای عالم بر رحمتِ محیطه اتِ شاهد و گواه   آسمانها بر رفعت و عظمتت  مُقّر و مُعترف  ای دریای کرم قطرۀ بشطرت تَوجّه نموده و ای آفتابِ جود  وجود  جودت را طلب کرده  هستیت مقدّس از دلیل و برهان و استوائت بر عرش منزّه از ذکر و بیان   رجای افئده و قلوب و ارتفاع ایادی نفوس بر بخششت گواهی است صادق و شاهدیست ناطق   چه اگر کرم نبود   دست   ارتفاع را نمیآموخت  تراب چه  و ارتفاع چه   ای کریم نیّر رحمتت از افق هر شئی ظاهر و نجم عطایت از هر شطری ساطع   محتاجان بابت عطایت را میطلبند و عشّاق رویت لقایت را   چون خلق از تو و امید مَکنونۀ قلب از تو   سزاوار آنکه امام وجوه اغیار مُحرمان کویت را بِطِراز جدیدی مزین نمائی و باسم بدیعی فائز فرمائی   توئی آنکه از اراده ات ارادات عالم ظاهر و از مشیّتت مشیآت امم نافذ   رجا از قلوب طالبانت قطع نشده و نمی شود   گواه این مقام کلمۀ مبارکه "لا تَقنطوا"   ای کریم  عبادت در بحر نفس و هوی مشاهدۀ میشوند   نجاتت را آمل و بخششهای قدیمت را سائل   توئی قادر و توانا و معین و دانا. "حضرت بهاءالله"

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH01026 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[135] Prayer UUID: 7cb54712-e2e6-47da-952f-173806ebbdda

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهَا مَعبُودا مَقصُودا مَحبوبا
وجهم به‌انوارِ وجهت متوجّه و قلبم به‌شطرِ عنايتت مقبل و از تو مي‌طلبم عطاءِ قديمت و بخششِ جديدت را. توئی آن توانائی كه به‌يك كلمه، آسمان و زمين را خلق نمودی و مظاهرِ قوّت و قدرت و عظمت و فضل و جود و كرمت قرار فرمودی تا صاحبانِ بَصَر آثار قدرت و عظمتت را در كُلّ اشياء ملاحظه نمايند و بر بزرگيت گُواهی دهند. ای خدا، فقير را از بابِ غَنايت محروم منما و از دريایِ بخششت منع مكن. توئی صاحبِ عطا و قادر و توانا والمُهيمنُ عَلَی الاَسماء.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[136] Prayer UUID: 7d102a69-6822-4732-ba5c-fced6b697ee9

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار ای آمرزگار، اين محفل به ذکر تو آراسته و اين جمع توجّه به ملکوتِ تو نموده، دل‌ها پر مسرّت است و جان‌ها در نهايتِ بشارت. خداوند مهربانا، اين جمع را شادمان کن و در ملکوتِ خويش کامران فرما، گناه ببخش پناه بده آگاه کن و به بارگاه ملکوت درآر. توئی دهنده، توئی بخشنده و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[137] Prayer UUID: 7d9d1048-a5ba-4174-8354-4cf43eb1e562

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای پروردگار، اين نفوس آشفتۀ روی تـو‌اند و گُمگشتۀ کوی تـو و عاشقانِ خلق و خـوی تـو، سرمستِ جام تو ‌‌اند و پرندگان بام تو، مرغانِ دست آموز عنايتند و بلبلانِ شيدایِ گُل‌های حقيقت، تشنگانِ چشمۀ رحمتند و آوارگانِ اقليم مرحمت. ای آمرزگار، گناه بندگان غفـران نما و پناه به بيچارگان بخش، تـوئی خدای مهربان و تـوئی صاحب عفو و غفران، ضعيفان را قوّت بخش و عليلان را شفا عنايت فرما و مستمندان را ارجمند کن و افسردگان را اشتعال بخش، از شَرّ افتتانِ عظيم محفوظ و از صدماتِ امتحانِ شديد مصون بدار، بـر عهـد و ميثاق مستقيم کن و بـر پيمـان و ايمـان مستديم، در ظلّ ملکوت ابهـايت منزل ده و در پنـاه جبروت اعلايت مأوی بخش. تـوئی مقتدر و تـوانا تـوئی شنونده و بينا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[138] Prayer UUID: 7e61d170-dc2a-4f9b-b8f6-9098e1449487

FULL TEXT (fa):
الله ابهی
ای خدای یگانه، این بندۀ خویش را طراز دیباج کینونات فرما و این عبد را در بینِ ملأ امکان به تاجِ عبودیّت سرفراز کن، این بینوا را به صرفِ عنایت پُِر نوا کن و این بی‌سر و سامان را در پناهِ خویش سر و سامانی بخش، از کأسِ انقطاع بنوشان و از جامِ عنایت سر‌مست نما، بندۀ ضعیف چه‌تواند و پشۀ نحیف چه پرواز نماید، اوجِ عزّت کجا  بال و پرِ مرغِ ذلّت کجا. ای پروردگار، تو تایید فرما، تو توفیق بخش انکَ اَنت الکریم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[139] Prayer UUID: 7e698045-e5fb-4b42-af63-d344d19498cd

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای يـزدانِ مهربان و بخشنده و درخشندۀ زمين و آسمان، ما جمعيم پريشان تـو، مستمنديم درويشانِ  تـو، آوارگانيم بيچارگان و افتادگانيم آشفتگان، افسردگانيم پژمردگان، دردمنديم درمانی بخش، رنجوريم دوائی عنايت کن، افسرده‌ايم شُعله‌‌ای ده، پژمرده‌ايم لَمعه‌ای بيفشان، بيگانه‌ايم آشنا کن، پروانه‌ايم پَرسوختۀ  شمعِ وَفا فرما، تشنه‌ايم و به خونِ دل آغشته چشمۀ خوشگوار بـرسان و از آبِ حيات بنوشان، ِوَلوَلَه در شهر انداز و آشوبی در آفاق افکن تا دل‌ها حيرانِ تو گردد و جان‌ها قربان تو.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[140] Prayer UUID: 810a2e59-4fee-4bbe-bcf9-10b0e4631964

FULL TEXT (fa):
ای پروردگار، خطيئات اين نفوس را عَفو کن و سَيّئاتِ اين ذليلان را سَتر نما، تو واقفی تو عالِمی تو مُطّلِعی تو آگاهی، ما گُنه‌کاريم ما خطا کاريم ما غافليم ما ذاهليم، تو عَفُوّی تو غَفوری تو بزرگواری تو آمرزگاری. اِنّک اَنتَ التّوّابُ السّتّار.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[141] Prayer UUID: 814676b7-3f0a-4901-9e81-faf8e43785fc

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، پدر و مادرِ اين بندۀ درگاه را در دريای غُفران غوطه ده و از گناه و خطا پاک و مُقدّس نما، عفو و بخشش شايان نما و غُفران و آمرزش ارزان کن، توئی آمرزنده و توئی غفور توئی بخشندۀ فيضِ موفور. ای آمرزگار، هر چند گُنَه‌کاريم ولی اميد به وَعد و نَويدِ تو داريم و هر چند در ظُلمَتِ خطا مبتلائيم ولکن توجّه به صبحِ عطا داشته و داريم، به آنچه سزاوارِ درگاه است معامله کن و هر چه شايگانِ بارگاه است شايان فرما.  توئی غفور توئی عَفُوّ و توئی بخشندۀ هر قُصور.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[142] Prayer UUID: 821f364e-353e-496e-b30a-8da63f622e38

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالحقّ القيّوم
اِلهی تو بينا و آگاهی که مَلجَأ و پناهی جز تو نجسته و نجويم و به غير از سبيلِ محبّتت راهی نپيموده و نپويم، در شبانِ تيرۀ نوميدی ديده‌ام به صبحِ اميدِ الطافِ بی‌نهايتت روشن و باز و در سَحَر گاهی اين جان و دل پژمرده به يـاد جمال و کمالت خرم و دمساز، هر قطره‌ای که به عواطف رحمانيّتت موفّق بحريست بي‌کران و هر ذرّه‌ای که به پرتوِ عنايتت مُؤيّد آفتابيست درخشنده و تابان، پس ای پاکِ يزدان من، اين بندۀ پر شور و شيدا را در پناهِ خود پناهی ده و بر دوستی خويش در عالمِ هستی ثابت و مستقيم بدار و اين مرغِ بی پر و بال را در آشيانِ رحمانی خود و در شاخسارِ روحانی خويش مسکن و مأوائی عطا فرما.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[143] Prayer UUID: 82d5e412-314c-4d96-9fdd-c23155dead60

FULL TEXT (fa):
پروردگار مهربانا شکر ترا شاهراه هدايت بنمودی و ابواب ملکوت بگشودی و بواسطه شمس حقيقت تجلّی فرمودی کوران بينا نمودی و کران شنوا کردی مردگان زنده فرمودی و فقيران اغنيا کردی گمراهان را راه بنمودی و تشنگانرا بچشمه هدايت دلالت کردی ماهيان لب تشنه را بدريای حقيقت رساندی و مرغان آواره را بگلشن عنايت دعوت فرمودی پروردگارا جمعی هستيم بندگان تو و فقيران تو دور افتاده‌ايم مشتاقان تو تشنه چشمه توئيم و دردمند درمان توئيم در ره تو قدم نهاديم و مقصد و آرزوئی جز نشر نفحات تو نداريم تا نفوس فرياد اهدنا الصراط المستقيم برآرند و ديده بمشاهده انوار روشن نمايند از ظلمات جهالت برهند و طائف حول سراج هدايت گردند  بی‌نصيبان نصيب برند و محرومان محرم راز شوند پروردگارا بعين عنايت نظر نما تأييدی آسمانی فرما نفثات روح القدس مبذول دار تا بخدمت موفّق گرديم و مانند ستاره‌های روشن در اين اقاليم بنور هدايت بدرخشيم. توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی عالم و بينا. ع ع.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH01026 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [2] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [3]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[145] Prayer UUID: 834f0c46-b5e6-4f84-801c-c266c7e8f883

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای خداوندِ مهربان، اين دل را از هر تَعلّقی فارغ نما و اين جان را به هر بشارتی شادمانی بخش، از قيدِ آشنا و بيگانه آزاد کن و به محبّتِ خويش گرفتار نما تا بکُلّی شيدایِ تو گردم و ديوانۀ تو، جز تو نخواهم و جز تو نجويم و به‌غير از تو نپويم و بجز رازِ تو نگويم، مانند مـرغِ سحر در دامِ محبّت تو گرفتار گردم و شب و روز بنالم و بزارم و بگريم و بگويم: يا بهاء‌الابهی.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[146] Prayer UUID: 8376ee85-0ff6-4a16-8a87-63a7deca038f

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای خداوند، فضل و عنايتی و حفظ و حمايتی و لطف و صيانتی تا نهايتِ ايّام ممتاز از بدايت گـردد و خاتمۀالحيات فاتحةالالطاف شود و هر دَم لطف و عنايتی رسد و هر نَفَس عَفو و رحمتی مبذول گردد تا آنکه در ظلّ مَمدود تحتِ لواءِ مَعقود به ملکوتِ مَحمود راجع گردم. توئی منّان و مهربان و توئی ربّ الجود و الاحسان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[147] Prayer UUID: 8382bb18-0dc3-481a-aebc-a23e1915b459

FULL TEXT (fa):
*(بگو ای الهِ من و محبوبِ من و سيّدِ من و سَنَدِ من و مقصودِ من)

شهادت مي‌دهد جان و روان و لسان به‌اينكه واحد بوده‌ای و شبه و مثل برای تو نبوده و نخواهد بود. جميع السُن از وصفت عاجز و جميعِ قلوب از عِرفانت قاصر بوده و خواهد بود. ای پروردگار من، عجز و فقر و فنای كنيزِ خود را مشاهده مي‌نمائی. اين سائلی است ارادۀ بابِ تو نموده و فقيری است قصدِ دريای غَنای تو كرده. سؤال مي‌نمايم تو را به‌دريای بخشش تو و آفتابِ عنايت و سماءِ فضلِ تـو كـه مقدّر فـرمائی از قلمِ اعلـی از بـرای ايـن اَمۀ خـود آنچه سزاوار بـزرگی تو است.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[148] Prayer UUID: 840fde1e-10ad-4582-88a8-868cc8eebe1e

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای خداوندِ بي‌همتا، اين نفوسِ پُر شوق و وَلَه را به رحمت بی پايان موفّق فرما تا مَوَاهبِ عالمِ انسانی گـردنـد و مَظاهرِ اَلطافِ رَبّانی، در گلستانِ هدايت گُل‌های پُر طراوت گـردنـد و در رياضِ حقيقت درختانـی در نهايتِ لطافت. ای خداوند، بر خدمتِ خويش موفّق فرما و از بيگانه و خويش مُستَغنی کن، در هر دَمی شَبنَمی فرست تا گُلشنِ قلوب سبز و خُرَم گردد و رياحينِ فيضِ عنايت برويد.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[149] Prayer UUID: 86020ffb-a929-4631-996f-4915a5c4446a

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای خداوندِ بی‌نیازم و مَحرَم رازم و یار دلنوازم، آن یاران دیرین را مَذاق شکرین نما و در درگاهِ احدّیتت بندۀ نازنین فرما و در دیوانِ عِلّیین صدرنشین کن. توئی حنّان توئی مَنّان توئی مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[150] Prayer UUID: 867481b3-7173-4c27-8c9d-867c01e1828a

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای فریادرسِ بی‌نوایان ای خداوندِ مهربان، من چه لیاقتی داشتم که ایـن بخشش عظیم را شایـان فـرمودی و ایـن لطفِ جلیل را رایگان نمودی، به تقبیلِ آستان مقدّست مـوفّق کردی، چه آستانی که ارواح ملأ‌اعلی پاسبان است و قلوبِ اهلِ ملکوتِ ابهی مقیم و راکِع و ساجِد و عاکِف و خاضِع چون راستان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[151] Prayer UUID: 872b03b8-e031-472d-9912-444557c95aa2

FULL TEXT (fa):
هو
پروردگارا، مرا مستقيم بر امرت بدار و در امتحان ثابت بر محبّت کن و در دريای عنايتت مستغرق فرما. توئی دهنده و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[152] Prayer UUID: 8756b80c-15ce-41f9-9692-0cfdd18c978b

FULL TEXT (fa):
*بگو ای آقای من و مولای من و اِله من و پَديد آورندۀ من)

سؤال مي‌كنم از دريای بخشش تو كه اين نهال نورَسته در بوستانِ محبّتِ خود را از كوثرِ حَيوان بنوشان و از ارياحِ خَريف حفظش نما. توئی توانا و توئی دانا. ای خدای من، به‌تو رو آوردم و تو را ذكر مي‌نمايم و به‌مباركیِ اسمت از دونت فارغ و آزادم. ای خدا، به تو ناظريم و از تو مي‌طلبيم، ظاهر كن از ما آنچه را كه سزاوارِ تو و ايّامِ تواست. توئی عطا كننده و بخشنده.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[153] Prayer UUID: 877e471c-1d24-4700-9999-f7eeee40bd99

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای دلبر يکتای من، آواره صحرايم و سر گشتۀ باديه پيما، در رهت افتان و خيزان و سرمست پيمانۀ پيمان، افتاده‌ام بيچاره‌ام دلداده‌ام شيدائيم سودائيم رسوائيم ولی روی به سویِ تو آرم و آرزوی کوی تو دارم، در هجرانم پر حرمانم، بی سر و سامانم به لطف و عنايتت شايانم، اسيرم  مُجير شو افتاده‌ام دستگير شو، غريبم مُونسِ جان شو، بـی کسم مُعينِ دل و جان گرد، از جهان و جهانيان بيزار فرما و در پناه خويش منزل و قرار بخش، از مادون مُستغنی کن و از عطای خويش بهره و نصيب ده، گناه بيامرز خطا بپوش عفو و غفران فرما زيرا گنه‌کاريم بد رفتاريم، در بحر عِصيان مُستَغرَقيم. توئی محبوبِ مهربان و توئی بخشندۀ گناهان. ای پروردگار، اقتدار ده ثابت و پايدار نما، بی صبر و قرار کن و مجنونِ جمال پر انوار نما، مفتونِ آن زُلف مُشکبار فرما تا بيگانه و خويش فراموش نمائيم و مانند دريا به جوش وخروش آئيم و ازپيمانۀپيمان مست و مَدهوش گرديم. توئی بخشنده و مهربان و توئی آمرزنده وآموزندۀ ياران.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[154] Prayer UUID: 8a4d7431-e130-4657-b60d-40e6de92bf3d

FULL TEXT (fa):
اللّه ابهی
ای متوجّه اِلی اللّه، چشم از جميعِ ماسِوی بَر بَند و به مَلَکوتِ ابهی بَر گشا، آنچه خواهی از او خواه و آنچه طلبی از او طلب، به نظری صد هزار حاجاتت روا نمايد و به التفاتی صد هزار درد بی درمان دوا کند و به انعطافی زخم‌ها را مَرهم نهد و به نگاهی دل‌ها را از قيد غم برهاند، آنچه کند او کند ما چه توانيم کرد، يَفعل ما يَشاء و يَحکُمُ ما يُريد است، پس سَرِ تسليم نـِه و توکّل بر رَبِّ رحيم بـِه. والبهاء عليک.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[155] Prayer UUID: 8aefac6e-adff-4242-a3aa-aff86a58928c

FULL TEXT (fa):
اللّه ابهی
ای پروردگارِ مهربان ای يزدان پاک، اين بندۀ ضعيف را در ظلّ کلمۀ رحمانيّتت مَقر ده و اين عبدِ حزين را در سايه شجرۀ سرور مأوی بخش، اين بی‌نصيب را نصيبی عنايت کن و اين بی بهره را بهره‌ای بخش، از بحرِ عنايت قطره‌ای برسان و از نهرِ موهبت رشحه‌ای مبذول کن تا حياتِ تازه يابم و موهبتِ بی‌اندازه جويم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[156] Prayer UUID: 8b6a75ee-d308-49a8-94d3-c3629bbc0b73

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
آمرزنده و مهربانا، اين جان‌های پاک از زندانِ خاک آزاد شدند و به جهانِ تو پرواز کردند، نيکخو بودند و مَفتونِ روی تو و تشنۀ جویِ تو، در زمانِ زندگانی به نَفحۀ رحمانی زنده شدند، ديدۀ بينا يافتند، گوشِ شنوا داشتند، از هر بستگی آزاد بودند و پيوسته به عِناياتت خُرَم و دلشاد. حال به جهانِ راز پرواز نمودند و در جوارِ رحمتت بر شجرۀ طُوبی لانه و آشيانه سازند و به نَغمه و تَرانه پردازند. خدايا اين نفوس را گناه بيامرز و از چاه به اوجِ ماه برسان، در گُلشنِ الطاف راه ده و در چَمَنِ عَفو و غُفران پناه بخش، سَرورِ آزادگان کن و در حَلقۀ مُقَرّبان درآر، بازماندگان را نوازش فرما و آسايش بخش و زيورِ عالمِ آفرينش کن تا به ستايشِ تو پردازند و به تَسبيح و تَقديس تو. توئی عَفُوّ توئی غَفور توئی آمرزنده و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[157] Prayer UUID: 8bbcf39b-695b-4a36-a0ad-5800e5d423cc

FULL TEXT (fa):
ای پروردگار این دختر ملکوت را در دو جهان عزیز نما. از جهان خاک و خاکیان بیزار کن و به جهان باقی همدم و همراز نما. قوت تأیید بخش و به نَفَثاتِ رُوحّ القُدُس تقویت نما تا به خدمتت قیام نماید. تویی توانا. ع ع

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH07469 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[158] Prayer UUID: 8cf791b9-1089-4a88-8a13-6fd83a4bd27f

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای محبوبِ بی انباز، اين نفوس يارانِ تو اند و بندگانِ آستانِ تو و سرمَستِ صهبای تو اند و سرگشتۀ صحرای  تو، تشنۀ سلسبيلِ تو اند و پيروان دليلِ جليلِ تو، تأييد فرما توفيق عطا کن تا آنکه هر يک آيتِ هُدی گردند و موهبتِ ملأ اعلی، مظاهرِ اسرارِ توحيد شوند و مطالعِ انوارِ تجريد، جنودِ ملکوت شوند و جيوش حيات بخشِ حيّ لايموت، سپاهِ نفس و هوی را در هم شکنند و پناهِ رحمت و تقوی جويند، سببِ حيات شوند و روحِ نجات بخشند. ای پروردگار ای آمرزگار، عنايتی فرما که کُلّ حريفان بزمِ الهی گردند و سر مستانِ بادۀ موهبتِ حضرت يزدانی.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[159] Prayer UUID: 8eaab500-03ee-4f39-8731-5047fdbd188a

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای دلبرِ ابهی ای محبوبِ یکتا، دل از هر دو جهان برداشتیم چون عَلَمِ محبّت برافراشتیم، رخ از عالم و عالمیان برتافتیم چون رویِ دلجوی تو یافتیم، چشم از غیر تو بستیم چون به جمالِ تو گشودیم. ای معشوقِ حقیقی، پرتوی در دل‌ها افکن و جلوه‌ای در قلوب بنما تا از هر قیدی آزاده گردیم و بکلّی گرفتار تو شویم، شعلۀ میثاق گردیم و نُجومِ بازغه از مَطلَعِ اشراق.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[160] Prayer UUID: 912fd18b-77b3-4b00-ba30-3e8c662ff021

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای بی نياز، ياران را مَحرمِ راز نما و آئينۀ غمّاز کن تا در جهان نغمه و آوازی اندازند و آهنگ و شهنازی بنوازند که جهانِ وجود به اهتزاز آيد و دلبر وحدت انسانی پرده براندازد و در انجمنِ عالم جلوه نمايد.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[161] Prayer UUID: 91fb83fd-c485-41e1-ab3a-598294c45041

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، من گنه‌کارم و تـو آمرزگار، مَدهوش از خَمرِ غَفلتم  هوشی عنايت کن، مشغول به اَذکارِ جهانِ پُر غَمَم  گوشی عنايت فرما تا آهنگ مَلأ اعلی بشنود و گُلبانگِ عَندَليبِ قدست استماع نمايد و نَفَحاتِ طيور شُکور به قوّۀ واعيه احساس کند. ای پروردگار، پـرده از چشم بردار تا مشاهده آياتِ کبری کنم و ملاحظه دقايق اسرار کِبريا نمايم، دل را جانی ببخش و جان را روح و ريحانی عطا فرما که سزاوارِ اين قرنِ عظيم باشد و لايقِ اين عصرِ مجيد  و‌علیک‌البهاء.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[162] Prayer UUID: 9200f10b-e46f-4237-8be1-8b694a1f591b

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهِى اِلهِى
دوستانت را از بحرِ كرمت محروم منما و به ملائکۀ مُقَرَّبين كلّ را مَدد فرما، تا به استقامت تمام اين دو يوم را در خدمتت صرف نمايند توئى قادر وتوانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[163] Prayer UUID: 93a85bdc-d48e-4268-b5c6-354a9e3f89f0

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
خدايا، شکر تو را که اين دل و جان به جانان رساندی و اين بـی ‌بهره را نصيبِ بی پايان بخشيدی، اين گمگشته را به کوی خويش خواندی و اين سر گشته را در پناهِ خود سر و سامان دادی. توئی دهنده و بخشنده و پاينده و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[164] Prayer UUID: 94632847-4b4e-4f3b-be9f-86f6781ef578

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
آمرزگارا، ایـزد بزرگوارا، این جانها مانند مرغانِ تیز پَر از دامِ خاکدان آزاد شدند و به جهانِ آسمان پرواز نمودنـد، از لانۀ خاک رهیدنـد و به آشیانه جهانِ پـاک پـریـدنـد، به ایـن امیدنـد که در گلشنِ روشنِ جهانِ بـالا بر سروِ بـاغِ بهشت نشیمن جـویند و در کاخِ آمـرزش جای گیرند. خداوند مهربـانـا، هر روانِ پاک را به درگاهِ ایـزدی راه ده و هر مستمند بیچاره را در مینوی همایـونِ خـویش ارجمند فـرما و در دریـای دهش و بخشش انـداز، و دیـدنِ روی تـابـان روا دار. تـوئی دهنده و بخشنده و آمرزنده و مهربان، وعلیکم البهاءالابهی

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[165] Prayer UUID: 94bc16dc-edb8-499d-8252-3a563d696ca6

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای پروردگار، یاران را کامکار کن و به عبودیّت همدم و دمساز فرما، قلوب را نورانی فرما و وجوه را رحمانی کن تا بنیانِ محبّت و مهربانی در عالمِ انسانی تأسیس گردد و نوع بشر به یکدیگر مفتون و مهرپرور گردند، شرق دست در آغوشِ غرب نماید، فرنگ بی‌درنگ سبیلِ محبّت پوید، تُرک تاجیک را همدم داند و هم آغوش و مهربان شمرد، کلّ با هم در نهایتِ الفت و یگانگی معاشرت و مصاحبت نمایند، ذکرِ اغیار نشود، همدگر را آشنا و یار و غمگسار گردنـد. ای پـروردگار، ایـن شبِ تار را روزِ روشن فرما و این بغضِ و عداوت بینِ مِلل را به اُنس و محبّت مبدل کن تا عالمِ آفرینش آسایش یابد و جهان پر غرور از عالمِ اِلهی نصیبِ موفور جوید. تـوئی مقتدر و تـوانا و تـوئی بخشنده و درخشنده و بینا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[166] Prayer UUID: 9660bc29-bd65-4b44-80ad-31c507481ffc

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، اين مشتاقان آشفتۀ روی تو اند و سرگشتۀ کوی تو و متوجّه به سوی تو و عاشقانِ خوی دلجوی تو،  اين نفوسِ مبارک را در جهانِ ملکوت بر سَرير عِزّتِ ابديّه استقرار ده و اِکليلِ جَليلِ مَواهبِ کلّيّه بَر سَر نه تا در جهانِ بالا سر فَراز گردند و با نغمه و آواز به شُکرانۀ الطاف پردازند. توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی دهنده و بخشنده و بينا. اِنّکَ انتَ الکَريمُ العَظيمُ المتعال.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[167] Prayer UUID: 97b2253b-599c-49b3-b3fc-45ba58a99b4b

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، اين نفوسِ طيّبۀ طاهره را ابناءِ مَلَکوت فرما و اين وُجوه نورانی را سِراج‌های رحمانی کن، اين قلوبِ زنده را سرشار از بادۀ محبّتت فرما و اين جان‌های آزاد را به بشارات کُبری فَرَح و مَسرّت بی منتهی بخش، زبان‌ها را به ذکرت ناطق کن و ديده‌ها را به مشاهده انوارِ ملکوتت روشن فرما. ای پروردگار، فيضِ آسمانی بخش و حياتِ اَبَدی کَرَم فرما و اين نُفُوس را به قوّتی ملکوتی و مُوهبتی آسمانی و اخلاقی رحمانی و مَوَاهبی سُبحانی و اِنجِذابی قلبی و بشارتی روحی و تأييدی روحُ القدسی موفّق و مؤيّد فرما. توئی مقتدر و عزيز و توانا و توئی عالم و واقف و بينا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[168] Prayer UUID: 9841947a-4c30-468b-a2a1-0b0d8e21c81c

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای خدایِ مهربان، هر چند کودکانيم بينوا و طفلانيم ناتوان، پريشانيم و بی سر و سامان ولی نهال‌های باغيم و تو باغبان. پروردگارا، به فيضِ ابرِ عنايت و حرارتِ شمسِ حقيقت و هبوبِ نسيمِ هدايت اين نهال‌ها را نشو و نما ده و طَراوت و لِطافت بخش تا برگ و شکوفه آرد و مُثمر ثَمر گردد. خداوند مهربانا، نادانيم دانا کن، بی چشميم بينا فرما، مرده‌ايم زنده کن، بی کَسيم بِنَواز و مهربان باش، موفّق بر تعلّم و تعليم کن و مؤيّد بر تحصيل و تکميل. توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی دهنده و بخشنده و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[169] Prayer UUID: 984211b4-985d-425b-a261-0e331ac5d71d

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای پروردگارِ آمرزگار، اين مرغانِ بی آشيان را در حديقۀ ثَبات و استقامت در شاخسار سِدرۀ منتهی پناه عنايت فرما و اين ماهيان لُجّۀ توحيد را در بحرِ اعظمِ عنايتت غوص ده و اين بی سامانان صحرای محبّتت را در کَهفِ منيع و ملاذ رفیع ِحفظ و حراستت منزل  و مأوی احسان کن تا به عون و فَضل و جودت در سماءِ وجود چون انجم هدايت بدرخشند و در انجمن عالم چون چراغ‌های محبّت‌الله روشن و  منوّر گردند، اَمطار غَمام رحمت باشند  و اشعّۀ آفتابِ افق حقيقت، لسانی ناطق گردند و فضلی سابق شوند، چشمی بينا باشند و گوشی شنوا، داری پِر بار گردند و گُلزاری با نفحاتِ مُشکبار، امواج دريایِ آثار قِدم  شوند و نسائم گُلشنِ اسمِ اعظم، مَهبِط الهام باشند و مشرق انوار  و مظهرِ الطافِ ربّ مختار، در ملأ مقرّبين محشور گردند و در زُمرۀ مخلصين معدود و معروف، از حرارتِ محبّت‌اللّه چون شعله سوزان باشند و در فِرقَتِ جمالِ منّان ابری گريان، به وفای الهی رويشان روشن گردد و به عنايتِ حضرت يزدانی دل‌هاشان لاله زار و گلشن، هر يک در امرالله عَلَمِ مُبين گردند و در استقامت بر عهد و پيمان حِصنِ مَتين.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[170] Prayer UUID: 986b571b-c1bb-4fb8-822c-3eb0d7977176

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای پروردگار، این کنیزان را در مَلَکوتِ عزّتت عزیز نما و این اِماء را در آستانِ مقدّست مقبول فرما، قلوبشان را منوّر کن و روحشان را مُطهّر فرما، مشامشان را مُعطّر کن تا سزاوارِ آستانِ احدیّت گردند و به عبادت و خدمت و تضرّع و عجز و نیاز پردازند، به ذکرِ تو زنده گردند و به مَحبّتِ تو حیاتِ جاودانی یابند. اَنتَ الکریم و انتَ الرّحیم و انتَ العزیزُ الرّؤوف الربِّ القدیم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[171] Prayer UUID: 98c92bde-fcab-45cf-b23b-95a9c1554d44

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پاک يزدان من، اين ياران با وفا مفتون روی تو اند و مجنونِ موی تو و سر گشتۀ کوی تو و تشنۀ جویِ تو، نظرِ عنايتی فرما و موهبتی مبذول دار که هر دم روحی جديد يابند و حياتی بديع خواهند، به وصايا و نصائح تو پردازند و درس عشق و محبّت بياموزند و به موجبِ تعاليمِ رحمانی روش و سلوک نمايند. ای خدای مهربان، اين بندگان از بي‌وفايان جفا ديدند و در هر روزی بلائی کشيدند و تحمّلِ مشقّت‌های بی پايان نمودند و صبر و تحمّل کردند و زبان به شکرانه گشودند و از شدّتِ محبّت گريستند و خنديدند و در نهايتِ سرور و بشاشت آتشِ ظلم و ستم را گلزار و گلشن يافتند، چون غنچه شکفتند و مانند گُل جلوه نمودند. ای خداوندِ يکتا، اين نفوسِ مطمئنّه را جامِ عطا بخش و اين قلوبِ راضيۀ مرضيّه را نشئۀ صهباء احسان کن تا يادِ کمال و جمالت باده گردد و به نغمه و ترانه پردازند و سامعين را فرح و وله بخشند و طالبان را به جذب و طرب آرند، جامِ عشق به دور آرند و بادۀ سُرور و شادمانی ابدی بنوشند و بنوشانند. خدايا اين مستمندان را توانگَر فرما و اين مظلومان را ارجمند کن و اين سرگشتگان را سر و سامانی ده و اين مَحزونان را سُرور ابدی  بخش. توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی بخشنده و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[172] Prayer UUID: 99c0ee7a-cc29-432d-9a86-9a60dfd9c49f

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای مُنتها آرزویِ عاشقان، ای دليلِ گمگشتگان، اين بندۀ ضعيف را به الطافِ بی پايان بنواختی و اين بيچارۀ ذليل را به درگاهِ احديّتت رساندی، اين تشنۀ سوخته را از عَينِ عِنايت نوشاندی، اين بي‌جانِ افسرده را به نسيمِ رحمت تر و تازه نمودی. شُکر تو را که از فضلِ اکبر نَصيبِ اَوفَر عنايت فرمودی و به روضۀ مبارکه مُشرّف کردی، از فيض ملکوتِ ابهايت بهرۀ بی پايان مي‌طلبم موفّق فرما  عنايت کن.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[173] Prayer UUID: 9b6b5d23-7364-4809-b3e6-f073a167503e

FULL TEXT (fa):
تؤدى يومياً في الصّباح والزّوال والمساء

ومن أراد أن يصلّي له أن يغسل يديه وفي حين الغسل يقول:
إلهي قوِّ يدي لتأخذ كتابك باستقامة لا تمنعها جنود العالم ثمّ احفظها عن التّصرّف فيما لم يدخل في ملكها. إنّك أنت المقتدر القدير.
وفي حين غسل الوجه يقول:
أي ربِّ وجّهت وجهي إليك. نوّره بأنوار وجهك ثمّ احفظه عن التّوجّه إلى غيرك.
وبعد له أن يقوم متوجّهاً إلى القبلة ويقول:
شهد الله أنّه لا إله إلاّ هو. له الأمر والخلق. قد أظهر مشرق الظّهور ومكلّم الطّور الّذي به أنار الأفق الأعلى ونطقت سدرة المنتهى وارتفع النّدآء بين الأرض والسّمآء قد أتى المالك المُلك والملكوت والعزّة والجبروت لله مولى الورى ومالك العرش والثّرى.
ثمّ يركع ويقول:
سبحانك عن ذكري وذكر دوني ووصفي ووصف من في السّموات والأرضين.
ثمّ يقوم للقنوت ويقول:
يا إلهي لا تخيّب من تشبّث بأنامل الرّجآء بأذيال رحمتك وفضلك يا أرحم الرّاحمين.
ثمّ يقعد ويقول:
أشهد بوحدانيّتك وفردانيّتك وبأنّك أنت الله لا إله إلاّ أنت. قد أظهرت أمرك ووفيت بعهدك وفتحت باب فضلك على من في السّموات والأرضين. والصّلاة والسّلام والتّكبير والبهآء على أوليآئك الّذين ما منعتهم شئونات الخلق عن الإقبال إليك وأنفقوا ما عندهم رجآء ما عندك. إنّك أنت الغفور الكريم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH01026 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [2] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[175] Prayer UUID: 9c5a6d21-00f3-4412-95c8-510f464deb87

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالاَبهی الاَبهی
پروردگارا آمرزگارا، چگونه زبان به‌ستايشت گشايم و پرستش و نيايش نمايم، تَقرير عين تقصير است و تَحرير دليل نادانی در اين امر عَسير، زبان آلتی است مُرکّب ازعناصر، صوت و بيان عَرَضی است از عَوارض، به آلتِ عُنصری و صوتِ عارضی چگونه توان نَعت و ستايش حضرت بيچون گفت، آنچه گويم و جويم از مُدرکات عالم انسانی است و در تحتِ احاطۀ عالمِ بشری. نتائج فکريّه چگونه به‌معارجِ الهيّه رسد و عنکبوتِ اوهام چگونه به لُعاب ظنون و اَفهام بر رفرف تقديس تَنَد، جز بيانِ عجز چاره‌ای نه و به‌غير از اعتراف به قصور بهانه‌ای نيست، تو غنيّ متعالی و مقدّس از ادراک عقولِ اهلِ کمال ...

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[176] Prayer UUID: 9d52a719-6eea-4cde-8b99-9965e7f6bacf

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، به جنودِ مَلأ اَعلی نصرت نما و به جيوشِ ملائکه محبّت و صفا اعانت کن نَغَماتِ قدس بفرست و مَحافِلِ اُنس مُعطّر نما، فيضِ قديم مَبذول دار و فوزِ عظيم شايان نما، نورِ حقيقت جلوه ده ديدۀ اهلِ بَصيرت روشن کن، آهنگِ مَلکوت ابهی به‌گوش رسان و هر دلتنگِ عالمِ اَدنی را خوشوقت کن، ابرِ رحمت بفرست، بارانِ مُوهبت بِبار، چمنِ هدايت بيارا، رياحينِ مَعانی اَنبات کن و سُلطانِ گُل را تاجِ موهبت بر سر نه و بلبلانِ روحانی را به غزلخوانی بخوان و حقايق و معانی تعليم ده. توئی پروردگار توئی کردگار توئی  مجلّی طُور در کشورِ انوار.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[177] Prayer UUID: 9de12455-53dc-4864-966c-5329b7190ce8

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
خدایا، طفلم در ظلِ عنایتت پرورش ده. نهالِ تازه‌ام به رشحاتِ سحابِ عنایت پرورش فرما. گیاهِ حدیقۀ مَحبتم، درختِ بارور کن. تـوئی مقتدر و توانا و تـوئی مهـربان و دانا و بینا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[178] Prayer UUID: 9edb72a9-9e56-44b9-bffd-0369904fcaef

FULL TEXT (fa):
پاكا پادشاها
هر آگاهی بر يكتائيت گُواهی داده. توئی آن توانائی كه جودت وجود را موجود فرمود و خطای عباد عطايت را باز نداشت. ای كريم از مَطلعِ نورت مُنَوَّر نما و از مشرقِ غَنايت ثروت حقيقی بخش. توئی بخشنده و توانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[179] Prayer UUID: NEW_TRANSLATION

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (73 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [2] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [3] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [4] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

  [5] BB00617 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I beg Thee to forgive me, O my Lord, for every mention but the mention of Thee, and for every praise but the praise of Thee, and for every delight but delight in Thy nearness, and for every pleasure but the pleasure of communion with Thee, and for every joy but the joy of Thy love and of Thy good-pleasure, and for all things pertaining unto me which bear no relationship unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of lords, He Who provideth the means and unlocketh the doors.

  [6] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [7] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [8] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [9] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [10] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [11] BH05768 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I venture to make mention of Thee, I am held back by my mighty sins and grievous trespasses against Thee, and find myself wholly deprived of Thy grace, and utterly powerless to celebrate Thy praise.  My great confidence in Thy bounty, however, reviveth my hope in Thee, and my certitude that Thou wilt bountifully deal with me emboldeneth me to extol Thee, and to ask of Thee the things Thou dost possess.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds!

  [12] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [13] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [14] BH08604 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Whose nearness is my wish, Whose presence is my hope, Whose remembrance is my desire, Whose court of glory is my goal, Whose abode is my aim, Whose name is my healing, Whose love is the radiance of my heart, Whose service is my highest aspiration!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou hast enabled them that have recognized Thee to soar to the sublimest heights of the knowledge of Thee and empowered such as devoutly worship Thee to ascend into the precincts of the court of Thy holy favors, to aid me to turn my face towards Thy face, to fix mine eyes upon Thee, and to speak of Thy glory.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the God of Power, the Help in Peril, the All-Glorious, the Almighty.

  [15] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [16] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [17] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [18] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [19] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [20] AB10703RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord! Make this youth radiant and confer Thy bounty upon this poor creature. Bestow upon him knowledge, grant him added strength at the break of every morn and guard him within the shelter of Thy protection so that he may be freed from error, may devote himself to the service of Thy Cause, may guide the wayward, lead the hapless, free the captives and awaken the heedless, that all may be blessed with Thy remembrance and praise. Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

  [21] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [22] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [23] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [24] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [25] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [26] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [27] BH04421HEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Create in me a pure heart, O my God, and renew a tranquil conscience within me, O my Hope!  Through the spirit of power confirm Thou me in Thy Cause, O my Best-Beloved, and by the light of Thy glory reveal unto me Thy path, O Thou the Goal of my desire!  Through the power of Thy transcendent might lift me up unto the heaven of Thy holiness, O Source of my being, and by the breezes of Thine eternity gladden me, O Thou Who art my God!  Let Thine everlasting melodies breathe tranquillity on me, O my Companion, and let the riches of Thine ancient countenance deliver me from all except Thee, O my Master, and let the tidings of the revelation of Thine incorruptible Essence bring me joy, O Thou Who art the most manifest of the manifest and the most hidden of the hidden!

  [28] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [29] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [30] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [31] BH07426FOO (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord!  Make Thy beauty to be my food, and Thy presence my drink, and Thy pleasure my hope, and praise of Thee my action, and remembrance of Thee my companion, and the power of Thy sovereignty my succorer, and Thy habitation my home, and my dwelling-place the seat Thou hast sanctified from the limitations imposed upon them who are shut out as by a veil from Thee.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Powerful.

  [32] ABU0070GAT (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These are Thy servants who have gathered in this meeting, have turned unto Thy kingdom and are in need of Thy bestowal and blessing. O Thou God! Manifest and make evident the signs of Thy oneness which have been deposited in all the realities of life. Reveal and unfold the virtues which Thou hast made latent and concealed in these human realities.
      Last:  Thou art mighty. Thou art powerful. Thou art the Giver, and Thou art the Ever-Bounteous.

  [33] BB00630 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Thou art the Remover of every anguish and the Dispeller of every affliction.  Thou art He Who banisheth every sorrow and setteth free every slave, the Redeemer of every soul.  O Lord!  Grant deliverance through Thy mercy, and reckon me among such servants of Thine as have gained salvation.

  [34] BH08264 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  Thou hearest Thine ardent lovers lamenting in their separation from Thee, and such as have recognized Thee wailing because of their remoteness from Thy presence.  Open Thou outwardly to their faces, O my Lord, the gates of Thy grace, that they may enter them by Thy leave and in conformity with Thy will, and may stand before the throne of Thy majesty, and catch the accents of Thy voice, and be illumined with the splendors of the light of Thy face.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [35] BH08852 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  One of Thy handmaidens, who hath believed in Thee and in Thy signs, hath entered beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness.  Give her to quaff, O my God, by Thy Name, the Manifest and the Hidden, of Thy choice sealed Wine that it may take her away from her own self, and make her to be entirely devoted to Thy remembrance, and wholly detached from any one beside Thee.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, the God of knowledge and wisdom.

  [36] BH09960 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  Thou art He Whom all things worship and Who worshipeth no one, Who is the Lord of all things and is the vassal of none, Who knoweth all things and is known of none. Thou didst wish to make Thyself known unto men; therefore, Thou didst, through a word of Thy mouth, bring creation into being and fashion the universe.  There is none other God except Thee, the Fashioner, the Creator, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.
      Last:  Thou art the God of power, of glory and bounty.  No God is there beside Thee, the Supreme Ruler, the All-Glorious, the Omniscient.

  [37] BB00374 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Vouchsafe unto me, O my God, the full measure of Thy love and Thy good-pleasure, and through the attractions of Thy resplendent light enrapture our hearts, O Thou Who art the Supreme Evidence and the All-Glorified.  Send down upon me, as a token of Thy grace, Thy vitalizing breezes, throughout the daytime and in the night season, O Lord of bounty.
      Last:  Indeed shouldst Thou desire to confer blessing upon a servant Thou wouldst blot out from the realm of his heart every mention or disposition except Thine Own mention; and shouldst Thou ordain evil for a servant by reason of that which his hands have unjustly wrought before Thy face, Thou wouldst test him with the benefits of this world and of the next that he might become preoccupied therewith and forget Thy remembrance.

  [38] AB03017CAL (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! This Thy handmaid is calling upon Thee, trusting in Thee, turning her face unto Thee, imploring Thee to shed thy heavenly bounties upon her, and to disclose unto her Thy spiritual mysteries, and to cast upon her the lights of Thy Godhead.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Ever-Bestowing, the Open of Hand.

  [39] AB11281 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord! This a lamp lighted by the fire of Thy love and ablaze with the flame which is ignited in the tree of Thy mercy. O my Lord! Increase his enkindlement, heat and flame, with the fire which is kindled in the Sinai of Thy Manifestation. Verily, Thou art the Confirmer, the Assister, the Powerful, the Generous, the Loving.

  [40] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [41] AB00431PIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lord!  Pitiful are we, grant us Thy favor; poor, bestow upon us a share from the ocean of Thy wealth;needy, do Thou satisfy us; abased, give us Thy glory.  The fowls of the air and the beasts of the field receive their meat each day from Thee and all beings partake of Thy care and loving kindness.
      Last:  Give us our daily bread and grant Thine increase in the necessities of life, that we may be dependent on none other than Thee, may commune wholly with Thee, may walk in Thy ways and declare Thy mysteries. Thou art the Almighty and the Loving and the Provider of all mankind.

  [42] BH03109KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God, exalted is He, the Lord of loving-kindness and bounty!
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Single, the Powerful, the Omniscient, the Bountiful.

  [43] AB02825 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise and glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  This is a choice sapling which Thou hast planted in the meads of Thy love and hast nurtured with the fingers of Thy Lordship.  Thou hast watered it from the well-spring of everlasting life which streameth forth from the gardens of Thy oneness and Thou hast caused the clouds of Thy tender mercy to shower Thy favors upon it.  It hath now grown and developed beneath the shelter of Thy blessings which are manifest from the Dayspring of Thy divine essence.  It hath burst forth into leaves and blossoms, is laden with fruit through the providence of Thy wondrous gifts and bounties and is stirred by the fragrant breeze wafting from the direction of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the All-Powerful, the All-Glorious, the Omnipotent.

  [44] BH06296 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: From the sweet-scented streams of Thine eternity give me to drink, O my God, and of the fruits of the tree of Thy being enable me to taste, O my Hope!  From the crystal springs of Thy love suffer me to quaff, O my Glory, and beneath the shadow of Thine everlasting providence let me abide, O my Light!  Within the meadows of Thy nearness, before Thy presence, make me able to roam, O my Beloved, and at the right hand of the throne of Thy mercy, seat me, O my Desire!  From the fragrant breezes of Thy joy let a breath pass over me, O my Goal, and into the heights of the paradise of Thy reality let me gain admission, O my Adored One!  To the melodies of the dove of Thy oneness suffer me to hearken, O Resplendent One, and through the spirit of Thy power and Thy might quicken me, O my Provider!  In the spirit of Thy love keep me steadfast, O my Succorer, and in the path of Thy good pleasure set firm my steps, O my Maker!  Within the garden of Thine immortality, before Thy countenance, let me abide for ever, O Thou Who art merciful unto me, and upon the seat of Thy glory stablish me, O Thou Who art my Possessor!  To the heaven of Thy loving-kindness lift me up, O my Quickener, and unto the Daystar of Thy guidance lead me, O Thou my Attractor!  Before the revelations of Thine invisible spirit summon me to be present, O Thou Who art my Origin and my Highest Wish, and unto the essence of the fragrance of Thy beauty, which Thou wilt manifest, cause me to return, O Thou Who art my God!
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou art, verily, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the All-Highest.

  [45] AB10492 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind lord!
      Last:  Thou art the Bestower, the All-Loving.

  [46] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

  [47] AB00787SPL (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, O Thou Who hast cast Thy splendor over the luminous realities of men, shedding upon them the resplendent lights of knowledge and guidance, and hast chosen them out of all created things for this supernal grace, and hast caused them to encompass all things, to understand their inmost essence, and to disclose their mysteries, bringing them forth out of darkness into the visible world! “He verily showeth His special mercy to whomsoever He will.”¹
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 55:19-22.

  [48] BB00554 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord, my Best Beloved!  Make me steadfast in Thy Cause, and grant that I may be reckoned among those who have not violated Thy Covenant nor followed the gods of their own idle fancy.
      Last:  Grant, O my God, that I may not be reckoned among those whose ears are deaf, whose eyes are blind, whose tongues are speechless and whose hearts have failed to comprehend.  Deliver me, O Lord, from the fire of ignorance and of selfish desire, suffer me to be admitted into the precincts of Thy transcendent mercy and send down upon me that which Thou hast ordained for Thy chosen ones.  Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [49] BH09874 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! Every man of insight confesseth Thy sovereignty and Thy dominion, and every discerning eye perceiveth the greatness of Thy majesty and the compelling power of Thy might. The winds of tests are powerless to hold back them that enjoy near access to Thee from setting their faces towards the horizon of Thy glory, and the tempests of trials must fail to draw away and hinder such as are wholly devoted to Thy will from approaching Thy court.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my God, by them and by the sighs which their hearts utter in their separation from Thee, to keep them safe from the mischief of Thine adversaries, and to nourish their souls with what Thou hast ordained for Thy loved ones on whom shall come no fear and who shall not be put to grief.

  [50] AB04980HOP (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Thou art my Hope and my Beloved, my highest Aim and Desire!  With great humbleness and entire devotion I pray to Thee to make me a minaret of Thy love in Thy land, a lamp of Thy knowledge among Thy creatures, and a banner of divine bounty in Thy dominion.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the All-Powerful.

  [51] BH07663 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O Lord my God! Behold Thou mine eye expectant to gaze on the wonders of Thy mercy, and mine ear longing to hearken unto Thy sweet melodies, and my heart yearning for the living waters of Thy knowledge. Thou seest Thy handmaiden, O my God, standing before the habitation of Thy mercy, and calling upon Thee by Thy name which Thou hast chosen above all other names and set up over all that are in heaven and on earth. Send down upon her the breaths of Thy mercy, that she may be carried away wholly from herself, and be drawn entirely towards the seat which, resplendent with the glory of Thy face, sheddeth afar the radiance of Thy sovereignty, and is established as Thy throne. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there beside Thee, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

  [52] BB00018ANG (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  There is no one but Thee to allay the anguish of my soul, and Thou art my highest aspiration, O my God.  My heart is wedded to none save Thee and such as Thou dost love.  I solemnly declare that my life and death are both for Thee.  Verily Thou art incomparable and hast no partner.
      Last:  O my God!  I beseech Thee by the evidences of Thy favor, to let me draw nigh to the sublime heights of Thy holy presence, and protect me from inclining myself toward the subtle allusions of aught else but Thee.  Guide my steps, O my God, unto that which is acceptable and pleasing to Thee.  Shield me, through Thy might, from the fury of Thy wrath and chastisement, and hold me back from entering habitations not desired by Thee.

  [53] BH10231 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how the wrongs committed by such of Thy creatures as have turned their backs to Thee have come in between Him in Whom Thy Godhead is manifest and Thy servants.  Send down upon them, O my Lord, what will cause them to be busied with each others' concerns.  Let, then, their violence be confined to their own selves, that the land and they that dwell therein may find peace.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [54] BH05543 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I give Thee thanks inasmuch as Thou hast called me into being in Thy days, and infused into me Thy love and Thy knowledge.  I beseech Thee, by Thy name whereby the goodly pearls of Thy wisdom and Thine utterance were brought forth out of the treasuries of the hearts of such of Thy servants as are nigh unto Thee, and through which the Daystar of Thy name, the Compassionate, hath shed its radiance upon all that are in Thy heaven and on Thy earth, to supply me, by Thy grace and bounty, with Thy wondrous and hidden bounties.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds.

  [55] AB03461MAR (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Bahá’í marriage is union and cordial affection between the two parties.  They must, however, exercise the utmost care and become acquainted with each other's character.  This eternal bond should be made secure by a firm covenant, and the intention should be to foster harmony, fellowship and unity and to attain everlasting life.” —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  “We will, all, verily, abide by the Will of God.”

  [56] BH09809 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how Thy loved ones have been encompassed by the rebellious amongst Thy creatures and the wicked amidst Thy people.  No land remaineth but the lamentation of Thy lovers and the wailing of Thy chosen ones were lifted up therein.  I beseech Thee by Thy Most Great Name to draw forth the hand of power from the bosom of Thy might and to assist therewith all them that love Thee.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Informed.

  [57] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

  [58] BH00009GRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I have risen this morning by Thy grace, O my God, and left my home trusting wholly in Thee, and committing myself to Thy care.  Send down, then, upon me, out of the heaven of Thy mercy, a blessing from Thy side, and enable me to return home in safety even as Thou didst enable me to set out under Thy protection with my thoughts fixed steadfastly upon Thee.
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Incomparable, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [59] AB07155WOM (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: My Lord! My Lord! I praise Thee and I thank Thee for that whereby Thou hast favored Thine humble maidservant, Thy slave beseeching and supplicating Thee, because Thou hast verily guided her unto Thine obvious Kingdom and caused her to hear thine exalted Call in the contingent world and to behold thy Signs which prove the appearance of Thy victorious reign over all things.
      Last:  O my Lord, I dedicate that which is in my womb unto Thee. Then cause it to be a praiseworthy child in Thy Kingdom and a fortunate one by Thy favor and Thy generosity; to develop and to grow up under the charge of Thine education. Verily, Thou art the Gracious! Verily, Thou art the Lord of Great Favor!

  [60] BB00147ORD (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Ordain for me, O my Lord, and for those who believe in Thee that which is deemed best for us in Thine estimation, as set forth in the Mother Book, for within the grasp of Thy hand Thou holdest the determined measures of all things.
      Last:  There is no power nor strength except in God, the Most Exalted, the Most Mighty.

  [61] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

  [62] BH08824 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified, O Lord my God, be Thy Name, whereby the trees of the garden of Thy Revelation have been clad with verdure, and been made to yield the fruits of holiness during this Springtime when the sweet savors of Thy favors and blessings have been wafted over all things, and caused them to bring forth whatsoever had been preordained for them in the Kingdom of Thine irrevocable decree and the Heaven of Thine immutable purpose. I beseech Thee by this very Name not to suffer me to be far from the court of Thy holiness, nor debarred from the exalted sanctuary of Thy unity and oneness.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XCVI

  [63] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [64] BH00593 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God our Lord!  Protect us through Thy grace from whatsoever may be repugnant unto Thee, and vouchsafe unto us that which well beseemeth Thee.  Give us more out of Thy bounty, and bless us.  Pardon us for the things we have done, and wash away our sins, and forgive us with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Most Exalted, the Self-Subsisting.
      Last:  Thou art the Sovereign Ruler, the Mighty Doer, the Exalted, the All-Loving.

  [65] BH09404 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified art Thou, O Lord of the entire creation, the One unto Whom all things must turn.  With my inner and outer tongues I bear witness that thou hast manifested and revealed Thyself, sent down Thy signs, and proclaimed Thy testimonies.  I testify to Thy self-sufficiency from aught else except Thee, and Thy sanctity above all earthly things.  I entreat Thee by the transcendent glory of Thy Cause and the supreme potency of Thy Word to grant confirmation unto him who desireth to offer what Thou hast prescribed unto him in Thy Book and to observe that which will shed forth the fragrance of Thine acceptance.  Verily Thou art the All-Mighty, the All-Gracious, the All-Forgiving, the All-Generous.

  [66] BH02848 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God and my Master!  I am Thy servant and the son of Thy servant. I have risen from my couch at this dawntide when the Daystar of Thy oneness hath shone forth from the Dayspring of Thy will, and hath shed its radiance upon the whole world, according to what had been ordained in the Books of Thy Decree.
      Last:  Thou art, truly, the Lord and King of all men, and art potent over all things.

  [67] BH03629GRI (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Dispel my grief by Thy bounty and Thy generosity, O God, my God, and banish mine anguish through Thy sovereignty and Thy might.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face set towards Thee at a time when sorrows have compassed me on every side.  I implore Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all being, and overshadowest all things visible and invisible, by Thy Name whereby Thou hast subdued the hearts and the souls of men, and by the billows of the Ocean of Thy mercy and the splendors of the Daystar of Thy bounty, to number me with them whom nothing whatsoever hath deterred from setting their faces toward Thee, O Thou Lord of all names and Maker of the heavens!
      Last:  And, finally, I beg of Thee by the light of Thy countenance to bless my affairs, and redeem my debts, and satisfy my needs.  Thou art He to Whose power and to Whose dominion every tongue hath testified, and Whose majesty and Whose sovereignty every understanding heart hath acknowledged.  No God is there but Thee, Who hearest and art ready to answer.

  [68] BH07683 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O King of eternity, and the Maker of nations, and the Fashioner of every moldering bone!  I pray Thee, by Thy Name through which Thou didst call all mankind unto the horizon of Thy majesty and glory, and didst guide Thy servants to the court of Thy grace and favors, to number me with such as have rid themselves from everything except Thyself, and have set themselves towards Thee, and have not been kept back by such misfortunes as were decreed by Thee, from turning in the direction of Thy gifts.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

  [69] BH00634 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be unto Thee, O Lord.  Forgive us our sins, have mercy upon us and enable us to return unto Thee.  Suffer us not to rely on aught else besides Thee, and vouchsafe unto us, through Thy bounty, that which Thou lovest and desirest and well beseemeth Thee.  Exalt the station of them that have truly believed, and forgive them with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [70] BH09289 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me, O my God, to draw nigh unto Thee, and to abide within the precincts of Thy court, for remoteness from Thee hath well-nigh consumed me.  Cause me to rest under the shadow of the wings of Thy grace, for the flame of my separation from Thee hath melted my heart within me.  Draw me nearer unto the river that is life indeed, for my soul burneth with thirst in its ceaseless search after Thee.  My sighs, O my God, proclaim the bitterness of mine anguish, and the tears I shed attest my love for Thee.
      Last:  Glorified be Thy name, O Thou Who art the King of all Kings!

  [71] AB00553 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Fill up for me the cup of detachment from all things, and in the assembly of Thy splendors and bestowals, rejoice me with the wine of loving Thee.  Free me from the assaults of passion and desire, break off from me the shackles of this nether world, draw me with rapture unto Thy supernal realm, and refresh me amongst the handmaids with the breathing of Thy holiness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Powerful, the Ever-Giving, the Able, the Omnipotent.

  [72] BH07721 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou didst lift up the ensigns of Thy guidance, and didst shed the radiance of Thy loving-kindness, and didst reveal the sovereignty of Thy Lordship; through which the lamp of Thy names hath appeared within the niche of Thine attributes, and He Who is the Tabernacle of Thy unity and the Manifestation of detachment hath shone forth; through which the ways of Thy guidance were made known, and the paths of Thy good pleasure were marked out; through which the foundations of error have been made to tremble, and the signs of wickedness have been abolished; through which the fountains of wisdom have burst forth, and the heavenly table hath been sent down; through which Thou didst preserve Thy servants and didst vouchsafe Thy healing; through which Thou didst show forth Thy tender mercies unto Thy servants and revealedst Thy forgiveness amidst Thy creatures—I implore Thee to keep safe him who hath held fast and returned unto Thee, and clung to Thy mercy, and seized the hem of Thy loving providence.  Send down, then, upon him Thy healing, and make him whole, and endue him with a constancy vouchsafed by Thee, and a tranquillity bestowed by Thy highness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Healer, the Preserver, the Helper, the Almighty, the Powerful, the All-Glorious, the All-Knowing.

  [73] AB10685 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou most glorious Lord!  Make this little maidservant of Thine blessed and happy; cause her to be cherished at the threshold of Thy oneness, and let her drink deep from the cup of Thy love so that she may be filled with rapture and ecstasy and diffuse sweet-scented fragrance.  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[181] Prayer UUID: a27e0ed8-0d77-4802-83fa-634179c99bdf

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای خداوندِ بی انباز، اين حقيقتِ مُبتَهله را مانندِ شمع روشن کن تا در هر جمع به ذکرِ تو مشغول گردد، نورِ هُدی بر افروزد و در انجمنِ رحمن مانند سِراج بسوزد و به ياران نور بخشد. ای خداوند، روحی در دل‌ها بِدَم که همدمِ تو گردند و شوقی در قلوب بينداز که به ذکرِ تو دمساز شوند، جان‌ها را شور و وَلهی ده و دل‌ها را وَجد و طَرَبی بخش که هر دَم روحی تازه يابند و به سُروری بی انـدازه رسند. ای خداونـدِ مهربـان، يـاران را روح و ريحان بخش و تأييدی آسمانی فـرما تـا تشنگان را سلسبيل هدايت دهند و گمگشتگان را به سبيلِ عِنايت دلالت کنند. تـوئی مقتدر و تـوانا و شنونده و بينا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[182] Prayer UUID: a3541b9b-e493-42fb-81d8-279a34c42743

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، اين ابرار را از ملکوت اسرار پی در پی تأييد و توفيق فرست و بر هر خير موفّق فرما زيرا سزاوار هر عنايتند و لايق هر موهبت وعليهم البهاء الابهی.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[183] Prayer UUID: a6cfd2a3-8a8b-4fdc-af55-5b9d05467abf

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهَا مَعبُودا
از توام و به‌تو آمدم، قلبم را به نورِ مَعرفتت مُنير فرما. توئی مقتدری كه قدرتِ عالم و اُمَم از اقتدارت باز نداشت. از يك اِشراق از نيّرِ كَرَمَت درياهای كَرَم ظاهر و از يك تَجَلّی از نيّرِ جُودَت عَالَمِ وجود موجود. ای پروردگار، آنچه لايق ايّامت نيست اخذ نما و آنچه قابل است عطا فرما. توئی آن بخشنده‌ای كه بخششت محدود به حدود نه. عبادِ توئيم  تو را مي‌جوئيم و از تو مي‌طلبيم. توئی فَضّال و توئی بخشنده.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[184] Prayer UUID: a838e091-dac3-4fcf-9096-bbf6b1562478

FULL TEXT (fa):
هوالابهی
ای خدای مهربان، شکر تو را که بيدار نمودی و هُشيار کردی، چشم بينا دادی وگوش شنوا احسان نمودی، به ملکوت خويش دلالت کردی و به سبيل خود هدايت فرمودی، راهِ راست بنمودی و در سفينۀ نجات در آوردی. خدايا مرا مستقيم بدار و ثابت و راسخ کن، از امتحانات شديده محفوظ بدار و در حِصن حَصين عهد و ميثاقت مصون و مأمون فرما. توئی توانا و توئی بينا و توئی شنوا. ای خدای مهربان دلی عطا کن که مانند زُجاج به سِراج محبّتت روشن باشد و فکری عطا کن که به فيضِ روحانی جهان را گلشن نمايد. توئی بخشنده و مهربان و توئی خداوند عظيم الاحسان .

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[185] Prayer UUID: a83e1be3-8d13-4862-ad92-a6524f0c2c38

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای دلبر مهـربـان، يـاران را مُـونسِ دل و جـان بـاش، در هـر دمی از بحـرِ الطاف شبنمـی بفـرست و در هــر نفسی بـادۀ تـازه‌ای بنـوشان و می پـرست بگـردان تـا جـامِ صهبـای الهـی به دست گيـرنـد و طـالبان را سرمست کنند و عـاشقان را نشئۀ بـادۀ اَلَست بخشند.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[186] Prayer UUID: aa207b62-8c77-4a61-ad77-e90395306030

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، ياران در هر گوشه و کنار در تحتِ تهديدِ بيگانه و اغيارند، از جان بيزار و از هر فکری در کنارند، رویِ تو جويند و سویِ تو پويند، رازِ تو گويند. ای دلبرِ مهربان، بيچارگان را از بيگانگان در صُونِ حمايت، حفظ و صيانت فرما و افتادگان را به يَدِ قدرت بلند فرما و بی‌نصيبان را به فيضِ قديم بهرۀِ فراوان بخش، محرومان را مَحرَمِ اسرار کن و مشتاقان را به موهبتِ ديدار بپرور و بنواز زيرا اسير آن زُلفِ مشکبارند و در هر دَم صد جان نثار نمايند. توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی دهنده و بخشنده و بينا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[187] Prayer UUID: ab171b27-c32c-4f70-b535-14b9a4f7f498

FULL TEXT (fa):
صلات كبير
صلات كبير كه تلاوت آن در شب و روز يك بار كافى است.
لِلْمُصَلِّي اَنْ يَقُومَ مُقْبِلاً اِلى اللَّهِ و َاِذا قامَ وَاسْتَقَرَّ فِي مَقامِه يَنْظُرُ اِلى اليَمِينِ وَالشِّمالِ كمَنْ يَنْتَظِرُ رَحْمَة رَبِّهِ الرَّحْمنِ الرَّحِيمِ ثُمَّ يَقُولُ:
يا اِلهَ الأَسْماءِ وَ فاطِرَ السَّماءِ اَسْألُكَ بِمَطالِعِ غَيْبِكَ الْعَلِيِّ الأَبْهى بِاَنْ تَجْعَلَ صَلاتِي نارًا لِتُحْرِقَ حُجُباتِيَ الَّتِي مَنَعَتْنِي عَنْ مُشاهَدَةِ جَمالِكَ وَنُوراً يَدُلُّنِيْ اِلى بَحْرِ وِصالِك.
ثُمَّ يَرْفَعُ يَدَيْهِ لِلْقُنُوتِ لِلَّهِ تَبارَكَ وَتَعالى وَيَقُولُ:
يا مَقْصُودَ الْعالَمِ وَمَحْبُوبَ الأُمَمِ تَرَانِي مُقْبِلاً اِلَيْكَ مُنْقَطِعاً عَمَّا سِواكَ مُتَمَسِّكاً بِحَبْلِكَ الَّذِيْ بِحَرَكتِهِ تَحَرَّكتِ المُمْكِناتُ، اَيْ رَبِّ اَنَا عَبْدُكَ وَاَبْنُ عَبْدِكَ أَكوْنُ حاضِراً قائِمِاً بَيْنَ اَيادِيْ مَشِيَّتِكَ وَ اِرادَتِكَ وَ ما أُرِيْدُ اِلاَّ رِضَائَكَ، أَسْألُكَ بِبَحْرِ رَحْمَتِكَ وَشَمْسِ فَضْلِكَ بِاَنْ تَفْعَلَ بِعَبْدِكَ ما تُحِبُّ وَتَرْضى وَعِزَّتِكَ الْمُقَدَّسَةِ عَنِ الذِّكْرِ وَالثَّناءِ كُلُّ ما يَظْهَرُ مِنْ عِنْدِكَ هُو مَقْصُودُ قَلْبِي وَمَحْبُوبُ فُؤآدِيْ، اِلهِي اِلهِي لا تَنْظُرْ اِلى آمالِي وَاَعْمالِيْ بَلْ اِلى اِرادَتِكَ الَّتِيْ أَحاطَتِ السَّمَواتِ وَالأَرْضِ، وَاسْمِكَ الأَعْظَمِ يا مالِكَ الأُمَمِ ما أَرَدْتُ اِلاَّ ما أَرَدْتَهُ وَلا أُحِبُّ اِلاَّ ما تُحِبُّ.
ثُمَّ يَسْجُدُ وَيَقُولُ:
سُبْحَانَكَ مِنْ اَنْ تُوْصَفَ بِوَصْفِ ما سِواكَ اَوْ تُعْرَفَ بِعِرْفانِ دُوْنِكَ.
ثُمَّ يَقُومُ وَيَقُولُ:
اَيْ رَبِّ فَاجْعَلْ صَلاتِي كَوْثَرَ الْحَيَوانِ لِيَبْقى بِهِ ذاتِي بِدَوامِ سَلْطَنَتِكَ وَيَذْكُرَكَ فِي كُلِّ عالَمٍ مِنْ عَوالِمِك.
ثُمَّ يَرْفَعُ يَدَيْهِ لِلْقُنُوتِ مَرَّة أُخْرى وَيَقُولُ:
يا مَنْ فِي فِراقِكَ ذابَتِ الْقُلُوْبُ وَالأَكْبادُ وَبِنارِ حُبِّكَ اشْتَعَلَ مَنْ فِي الْبِلادِ، اَسْألُكَ بِاسْمِكَ الَّذِيْ بِهِ سَخَّرْتَ الآفاقَ بِاَنْ لا تَمْنَعَنِيْ عَمّا عِنْدَكَ يا مالِكَ الِّرقابِ، اَيْ رَبِّ تَرَى الْغَرِيْبَ سَرُعَ اِلَى وَطَنِهِ الأَعْلى ظِلِّ قِبابِ عَظَمَتِكَ وَجِوارِ رَحْمَتِكَ وَالعاصِيَ قَصَدَ بَحْرَ غُفْرانِكَ وَالذَّلِيْلَ بِساطَ عِزِّكَ وَالْفَقِيْرَ أُفُقَ غَنائِكَ، لَكَ الأَمْرُ فِيما تَشاءُ. اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ اَنْتَ الْمَحْمُوْدُ فِي فِعْلِكَ وَالْمُطاعُ فِي حُكمِكَ وَالمْخْتارُ فِي اَمْرِكَ.
ثُمَّ يَرْفَعُ يَدَيْهِ وَيُكبِّرُ ثَلاثَ مَرَّاتٍ ثُمَّ يَنْحَنِي لِلرُّكوْعِ لِلَّهِ تَبارَكَ وَ تَعالى وَيَقُولُ:
يا اِلهِي تَرَى رُوْحِيْ مُهْتَزّاً فِي جَوارِحِيْ وَاَرْكانِي شَوْقاً لِعِبادَتِكَ وَشَغَفاً لِذِكْرِكَ وَثَنائِكَ وَيَشْهَدُ بِما شَهِدَ بِهِ لِسانُ أَمْرِكَ فِي مَلَكُوْتِ بَيانِكَ وَجَبَرُوْتِ عِلْمِكَ، اَيْ رَبِّ أُحِبُّ اَنْ اَسْألُكَ فِي هذا الْمَقامِ كُلَّ ما عِنْدَكَ
لإِثْباتِ فَقْرِيْ وَاِعْلاءِ عَطائِكَ وَغَنائِكَ وَاِظْهارِ عَجْزِيْ وَاِبْرازِ قُدْرَتِكَ وَاقْتِدارِك.
ثُمَّ يَقُومُ وَيَرْفَعُ يَدَيهِ لِلْقُنُوتِ مَرَّة بَعْدَ أُخْرى وَيَقُولُ:
لا اِلهَ اِلاَّ اَنْتَ الْعَزِيْزُ الْوَهّابُ، لا اِلهَ اِلاَّ اَنْتَ الْحاكِمُ فِي المَبْدَءِ وَالْمَآبِ، اِلهِي اِلهِي عَفْوُكَ شَجَّعَنِيْ وَرَحْمَتُكَ قَوَّتْنِي وَنِداؤُكَ أَيْقَظَنِيْ وَفَضْلُكَ أَقامَنِيْ وَهَدانِي اِلَيْكَ وَ اِلاَّ مالِيْ وَشَأْنِي لأقُوْمَ لَدى بابِ مَدْيَنِ قُرْبِكَ اَوْ اَتَوَجَّهَ اِلَى الأَنْوارِ الْمُشْرِقَةِ مِنْ أُفُقِ سَماءِ اِرادَتِكَ، اَيْ رَبِّ تَرَى الْمِسْكينَ يَقْرَعُ بابَ فَضْلِكَ وَالْفانِيَ يُرِيْدُ كَوْثَرَ الْبَقاءِ مِنْ اَيادِيْ جُوْدِكَ لَكَ الأَمْرُ فِي كُلِّ الأَحْوالِ يا مَوْلَى الأَسْماءِ وَلِيَ التَّسْلِيْمُ وَالرِّضاءُ يا فاطِرَ السَّماءِ.
ثُمَّ يَرْفَعُ يَدَيْهِ ثَلاثَ مَرَّاتٍ وَيَقُولُ:
اَللَّهُ أَعْظَمُ مِنْ كُلِّ عَظِيْمٍ.
ثُمَّ يَسْجُدُ وَيَقُولُ:
سُبْحانَكَ مِنْ اَنْ تَصْعَدَ اِلى سَماءِ قُرْبِكَ أَذْكارُ الْمُقَرَّبِيْنَ اُوْ اَنْ تَصِلَ اِلى فِناءِ بابِكَ طُيُوْرُ أَفْئِدَةِِ الْمُخْلِصِيْنَ، اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ كُنْتَ مُقَدَّساً عَنِ الصِّفاتِ وَ مُنَزَّهاً عَنِ الأَسْماءِ لا اِلهَ اِلاَّ أَنْتَ الْعَلِيُّ الأَبْهی.
ثُمَّ يَقْعُدُ وَيَقُولُ:
اَشْهَدُ بِما شَهِدَتِ الأَشْياءُ وَالْمَلأُ الأَعْلى وَالْجَنَّةُ الْعُلْيا وَعَنْ وَرائِها لِسانُ العَظَمَةِ مِنَ الأُفُقِ الأَبْهى أَنَّكَ أَنْتَ اللَّهُ لا اِلهَ اِلاَّ اَنْتَ وَالَّذِي ظَهَرَ اِنَّهُ هُو السِّرُّ الْمَكْنُونُ وَالرَّمْزُ الْمَخْزُونُ الَّذِيْ بِهِ اقْتَرَنَ الْكافُ بِرُكنِهِ النُّوْنُ، اَشْهَدُ أَنَّهُ هُو الْمَسْطُوْرُ مِنَ القَلَمِ الأَعْلى وَالْمَذْكوْرُ فِي كُتُبِ اللَّهِ رَبِّ الْعَرْشِ وَالثَّری.
ثُمَّ يَقُومُ مُسْتَقِيماً وَيَقُولُ:
يا اِلهَ الْوُجُودِ وَمالِكَ الْغَيْبِ وَالشُّهُودِ تَرَى عَبَراتِي وَ زَفَراتِي وَ تَسْمَعُ ضَجِيْجِيْ وَصَرِيْخِيْ وَ حَنِيْنَ فُؤادِيْ، وَ عِزَّتِكَ اجْتِراحاتِي اَبْعَدَتْنِيْ عَنِ التَّقَرُّبِ اِلَيْكَ وَ جَريْراتِي مَنَعَتْنِي عَنِ الْوُرُودِ فِي ساحَةِِِِِ قُدْسِكَ، اَيْ رَبِّ حُبُّكَ اَضْناَنِي وَ هِجْرُكَ اَهْلَكَنِيْ وَ بُعْدُكَ اَحْرَقَنِي، أَسْألُكَ بِمَوْطِئِ قَدَمَيْكَ فِي هذا الْبَيْداءِ وَ بِلَبَّيْكَ لَبَّيْكَ اَصْفيائِكَ فِي هذا الْفَضاءِ وبِنَفَحاتِ وَحْيِكَ وَ نَسَماتِ فَجْرِ ظُهُورِكَ بِاَنْ تُقَدِّرَ لِيْ زِيارَةَ جَمالِكَ وَالْعَمَلَ بِما فِي كِتابِك.
ثُمَّ يُكبِّرُ ثَلاثُ مَرَّاتٍ وَيَرْكعُ وَيَقُولُ:
لَكَ الْحَمْدُ يا اِلهِي بِما اَيَّدْتَنِيْ عَلَى ذِكْرِكَ وَثَنائِكَ وَ عَرَّفْتَنِيْ مَشْرِقَ آياتِكَ وَ جَعَلْتَنِي خاضِعاً لِرُبُوبِيَّتِكَ وَ خاشِعاً لألُوهِيَّتِكَ وَمُعْتَرِفاً بِما نَطَقَ بِهِ لِسانُ عَظَمَتِك.
ثُمَّ يَقُومُ وَيَقُولُ:
اِلهِي اِلهِي عِصْيانِيْ اَنْقَضَ ظَهْرِيْ وَغَفْلَتِيْ اَهْلَكَتْنِيْ كُلَّما اَتَفَكرُ فِي سُوْءِ عَمَلِيْ وَ حُسْنِ عَمَلِكَ يَذُوْبُ كَبِدِيْ وَ يَغْلِيْ الدَّمُ فِي عُرُوْقِيْ، وَ جَمالِكَ يا مَقْصُوْدَ الْعالَمِ اِنَّ الْوَجْهَ يَسْتَحِیي اَنْ يَتَوَجَّهَ اِلَيْكَ وَ اَيادِيَ الرَّجاءِ تَخْجَلُ اَنْ تَرْتَفِعَ اِلى سَماءِ كَرَمِكَ، تَرَى يا اِلهِي عَبَراتِي تَمْنَعُنِيْ عَنِ الذِّكْرِ وَالثَّنآءِ يا رَبَّ الْعَرْشِ وَالثَّری، أَسْألُكَ بِآياتِ مَلَكُوْتِكَ وَ اَسْرارِ جَبَرُوْتِكَ بِاَنْ تَعْمَلَ بِاَوْليائِكَ ما يَنْبَغِيْ لِجُوْدِكَ يا مالِكَ الوُجُودِ وَ يَلِيْقُ لِفَضْلِكَ يا سُلْطانَ الْغَيْبِ وَالشُّهُوْدِ.
ثُمَّ يُكبِّرُ ثَلاثُ مَرَّاتٍ وَيَسْجُدُ وَيَقُولُ:
لَكَ الْحَمْدُ يا اِلهَنا بِما اَنْزَلْتَ لَنا ما يُقَرِّبُنا اِلَيْكَ وَ يَرْزُقُنا كُلَّ خَيْرٍ اَنْزَلْتَهُ فِي كُتُبِكَ وَ زُبُرِكَ، اَيْ رَبِّ نَسْأَلُكَ بِاَنْ تَحْفَظَنا مِنْ جُنُودِ الظُّنُونِ وَالأَوْهامِ، اِنَّكَ اَنْتَ الْعَزِيْزُ العَلامُ.
ثُمَّ يَرْفَعُ رَأْسَهُ َيَقْعُدُ وَيَقُولُ:
اَشْهَدُ يا اِلهِي بما شَهِدَ بِهِ اَصْفِياؤكَ وَ اَعْتَرِفُ بِما اعْتَرَفَ بِهِ اَهْلُ الفِردَوْسِ الأَعْلى وَ الَّذِيْنَ طَافُوا عَرْشَكَ الْعَظِيْمَ، المُلْكُ وَالمَلَكُوتُ لَكَ يا اِلهَ العالَمِينَ.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH01026 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [2] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[189] Prayer UUID: acf76afb-bd59-410c-8ce0-4c31826642e5

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
خداوندا، پـاک و مقدّسی و بی نيـاز و منزّهی، اين بنـدۀ بيچاره را در پناه حضرت احديّتت ملجأ و پناه بخش و در ظِلّ سِدرۀِ بی منتهايت مسکن و مأوی عنايت کن.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[190] Prayer UUID: b0bcfad8-f152-4175-9fe5-a5d712731ff1

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، ابرار را بزرگوار کن و فيضِ ابدی آشکار کن، اسرار پديدار نما و انوار انتشار ده، هر دلی را همدمِ يادت کن و هر چشمی را روشن و بينا، دوستان را عزيز کن و يارانِ با فرهنگ و تميز نما، هر يک را شمعِ جمع کن و شاهدِ انجمن نما و سَروِ اين چمن کن و طاوسِ اين گُلشن نما تا جهان را تزئين بخشند و اين نورِ مُبين منتشر نمايند و جَبين به پرتوِ فيضِ قديم بيارايند. توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی دهنده و بخشنده و بينا لا الهَ اِلّا اَنتَ  الکَريمُ الرّحيم المُعطِی الفضّال.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[191] Prayer UUID: b128d13c-9e6b-4e1b-a4ee-ca8cd8128625

FULL TEXT (fa):
هو
مریما، عیسی جان بلا مکان عُروج نمود قفس وجود از طیرِ محمود خالی ماند و بلبلِ قِدَم به‌صحرای عَدم رو نمود و عَندَلیبِ اِلهی بَر سِدرۀ رَبانی به‌خُروش آمد، سُرادقِ عِزت بَر دَرید و هُمای رَفعَت از شاخسارِ بِهجت بَر پَرید، افلاک‌های بلند بر خاکِ‌ تیره بنشست و نَعره‌ها از دلِ پُر درد بَرخاست، آبِ گُوارا به‌خون تبدیل شد و صَحنِ فِردوسِ بَرین به‌خون آمیخته، بلی تیرِ قَضای اِلهی را سینۀ مُنیر دوستان لایق و کَمَندِ بلای نا متناهی را گَرَدنِ عاشقان شائق، هرکجا خَدنگی است بَر صَدرِ احباب وارد آید و هر جا غمی است بَر دلِ اَصحاب نازل گردد، عاشِقان را چَشم تَر باید و معشوقان را ناز وکِرِشمه شاید، حَبیب اگر صد ناله سراید محبوب بر جفا بیافزاید. اگر شربتِ وصال خواهی تَن به‌زوال دَر دِه و اگر خَمرِ جمال طلبی در وادی حِرمان پا نه.  مَریما، حُزن را به سُرور بخش و غم را از جامِ فَرَح دَر کش، اگر خواهی قَدَم درکویِ طَلب گُذاری صابر باش و رُخ را مَخَراش و آب از دیده مَپاش و از بی‌صبران مَباش، پیراهنِ تسلیم پوش و از بادۀ رضا بنوش و عالَمی را به دِرهَمی بِفروش، دل به قَضا دربند و به حُکمِ قَدَر پیوند، چشمِ عِبرت برگُشا و از غیر دوست دَرپوش که عَنقَریب در مَحضرِ قُدس حلقه زنیم و به حضرتِ اُنس رو آریم و از بَربَطَ عَراق نغمه حِجازی بشنویم و با دوست مُلحَق شویم، ناگفتنی بگوئیم و نادیدنی ببینیم و ناشنیدنی بشنویم و به آهنگِ نـور هیکلِ روح را به رقص آوریم و در حَریمِ جان بـزمِ خوشی بیارائیم و از ساقیِ جلال ساغَرِ جَمال برگیریم و به‌یـادِ رُخِ ذوالجلال خَمرِ بی‌مثال درنـوشیم، چشم را ازآب  پـاک کن و دل را از حُزن بِـروب و قلب را از غم فـارغ نما و به آهنگ ملیح بـرخوان:
#گر تیغ بارد در کوی آن ماه
#گردن نهادیم الحُکمُ ‌للّه

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH01026 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [2] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [3]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[192] Prayer UUID: b2d1725d43e4

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[194] Prayer UUID: b3eb554d-051e-43fa-b011-491d183e0830

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای پروردگار، دردمندان را درمان کن و هوشمندان را مَحرَمِ ایوان، اُفقِ علّیین را به نور مُبین روشن نما و ساحتِ دل‌ها را رشکِ گلزار و گلشن کن، هر یک از احبّاء را نَجمِ هُدی نما و هر یک از اهلِ وفا را کوکبی ساطع در افقِ اعلی، نهال‌های حدیقۀ رحمانیت را طراوت و لطافت بخش و نورسیدگانِ بارگاه احدّیت را صَباحَت و مَلاحَت ده، بندگانِ دیرینت را انوار عِلّیین فرما و آزادگانِ قدیم را شهریارانِ اقلیمِ نَعیم کن، رویشان برافروز و خویشان را مُشکِ جان فرما و آفاق را مُعطّر و مُعَنبر فرما، دستشان ید بیضا نما و لفظ‌‌شان لؤلؤ لالا، برهانشان ثُعبانِ مُبین کن و دلیل‌شان سنوحاتِ عِلّیین، ظهیرشان شدیدالقوی کن و نصیرشان جنودِ ملکوتِ ابهی.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[195] Prayer UUID: b6258747-d536-4e27-bda8-274110958354

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای خداوند بی‌مانند، این مستمند به دَرگَهَت افتاده، شوریده و آشفته، شیفته و دلداده طلبِ آمُرزش از برای مادر مهربان می‌نماید. تو بخشندۀ یگانه و دهندۀ هر آشنا و بیگانه، آمُرزشی فرما تا سبب ریزشِ بارانِ رحمت گردد و پرورشِ جانِ آن کنیزِ محترم. توئی بخشنده و مهربان و توئی پاینده حضرت یزدان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[196] Prayer UUID: b6597def-7508-48e9-a7fc-c866cb59ee1a

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهَا مَعبُودا مَسجودا
شهادت مي‌دهد عبد تو به وحدانيّت تو و فردانيّت تو و از بَدايع فَضلت مسألت مي‌نمايد آنچه را كه سزاوار بخشش تو است و ظهور و بروزش از دفتر عالم مَحو نشود، سَحاب اوهام او را سَتر ننمايد و غَمام ظُنون او را از اِشراق باز ندارد. ای كريم، هر صاحبِ بَصَر و سَمعی بر كَرَمَت شهادت داده و بر سَبقَتِ رحمتت گُواه،. عبادت را از دريای شناسائی محروم منما و از انوارِ وجهِ ظهور منع مفرما. توئی بخشنده و مهربان. لا اِلهَ اِلّا اَنتَ العَزيزُالمَنّانُ.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[197] Prayer UUID: b6c7f2df-5701-4aff-b5cb-cdbec7972d68

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پـروردگار، ايـن دوستان ياران تـو اند و ايـن جمع عاشقانِ پريشان تو، مَلجَائی جز پناه تو ندارند و مَأمَنی به‌غير از بارگاه تو نجويند، پس مَدَد فرما و عنايت و نصرت فرما و هدايت و به آنچه رضای خودت است دلالت کن و بـر اَمرَت مستقيم و استوار بدار، بيچـارگانيـم آوارگانيـم درمانـدگانيـم افسردگانيـم پژمردگانيم، جانی ببخش و روانی بده، دری بگشا گشايشی بنما، سر و سامانی بخش، درد را درمانی بنما، زخم را مرهمی کن و زهر را شِکری نما، ظُلَمات را انوارکن و زحمات را راحتِ آشکار، جز تو ندانيم جز تو نجوئيم جز نامت نگوئيم جز در باديۀ مُحبّتت نپوئيم، مرحمت فرما عنايت کن هدايت بخش، اِنَّکَ اَنتَ القَويّ القَدير.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[198] Prayer UUID: b7113839-7404-4ea0-9de0-e706daad01d7

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهی اِلهی تَری ضَعفی و ذِلّی و هَوانی بَين خَلقک مَع ذلک تَوکَّلتُ عَليک و قُمتُ عُلی تَرويج تَعالِيمک بَين عِبادِک الأَقويا مُعتَمِداً عَلی حُولک و قُوّتک رَبِّ اِنّ طَيراً کَليل الجَناح أَراد أَن يَطير فی هذَا الفَضاء اَلّذی لا يَتناهی فَکَيف يُمکن هذَا الِّا بِعونک و عِنايتک و تأييدک و تُوفيقک رَبِّ ارحِم ضَعفی و قَوّنی بِقدرتک و رَبِّ ارحِم عَجزی أَيّدَنی بِقوّتِک و قُدرَتک رَبِّ لَو تُؤيّد بِنفثاتِ الرُوح اعجز الوَری لِبلغ المَنی و تَصرَّف کَيفَ يشاء کَما أَيّدت عِبادک مِن قَبل و کانُوا أعجز خَلقک و اَذلّ عِبادک و أحقَر مِن فی أَرضک وَلکن بَعونک و قُوّتک سَبَقوا أجلّاء خَلقک  وَأعاظم بَريَّتک و کانُوا ذباباً فَاستَنسِروا و کانُوا قباء فاستَبحروا بِفضلک و عِنايتک و أَصبحوا نُجُوماً ساطِعة فی أُفق الهُدی و طُيوراً صادِحة فی اَيکة البَقاء و اَسوداً زائِرة فی غِياض العِلم و النُهی و حَيتاناً سابِحة فی بُحوُر الحَياة بِرحمَتک الکُبری اِنّک أَنت لِکريم القَويّ العَزيز الرَّحمن الرَّحيم   ع‌ع 
" لوح ششم دوره دوم الواح فرامین تبلیغی حضرت عبدالبهاء"

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH01026 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [2] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [3]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[200] Prayer UUID: b91e186b-53c3-4ed6-a124-10e00a7d8e3d

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهَا مَعبُودا مَقصُودا كَريما رَحيما
جانها از تو و اقتدارها در قبضۀ قدرتِ تو. هر كه را بلند كنی از مَلَك بگذرد و به‌مقامِ "وَ رَفَعناهُ مَكاناً عَلِيّاً" رسد و هر كه را بيندازی از خاك پست‌تر بلكه هيچ از او بهتر. پروردگارا، با تَباه كاری و گُناهكاری و عَدمِ پرهيزگاری مَقعَد صِدق مي‌طلبيم و لِقای مَليكِ مُقتدر مي‌جوئيم. اَمر اَمرِ تو است و حُكم آنِ تو و عَالَمِ قدرت زيرِ فرمانِ تو. هر چه كنی عدلِ صِرف است بَل فضلِ مَحض. يك تَجَلّی از تجلّياتِ اسمِ رحمانت رَسمِ عِصيان را از جهان براندازد و مَحو نمايد و يك نسيم از نسائمِ يوم ظهورت عالم را به‌خلعتِ تازه مُزيّن فرمايد. ای توانا، ناتوانان را توانائی بخش و مُردِگان را زندگی عطا فرما، شايد تو را بيابند و به‌دريایِ آگاهيت راه يابند و بر امرت مستقيم مانند. اگر از لُغاتِ مختلفۀ عالم عَرف ثنای تو مُتِضَوّع شود همه محبوب جان و مقصودِ روان، چه تازی چه فارسی، اگر از آن محروم ماند قابلِ ذكر نه، چه الفاظ چه معانی. ای پروردگار، از تو مي‌طلبيم كُلّ را راه نمائی و هدايت  فرمائی. توئی قادر و توانا و عالم و بينا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[201] Prayer UUID: ba865f5d-4632-46e3-907c-301028a10dc4

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلها مَعبُودا مَسجُودا
شهادت می‌دهم به وحدانيّتِ تـو و فردانيّتِ تـو و بخشش‌های قديم و جديدِ تـو. تـوئی آن كريمی كه امطارِ سحابِ سماءِ رحمتت بر شريف و وضيع باريده و اشراقاتِ انوارِ آفتابِ بخششت بر عاصی و مُطيع تابيده. ای رحيمی كه ساذِجِ رحمت بابت را ساجد و جوهرِ عنايت كعبۀ اَمرت را طائف، از تـو سؤال مي‌نمائيم  فضلِ قديمت را مي‌طلبيم و جودِ جديدت را مي‌جوئيم كه بر مظاهرِ وجود رحم فرمائی و از فيوضات ايّامت مَحروم نسازی. جميع مُحتاج و فقيرند وَ اَنتَ الغَنيّ الغالِبُ القَديرُ.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[202] Prayer UUID: ba9d7afc-53ca-41c8-ac42-ea37ab8028dc

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای پروردگار، اين جمع را شمع روشن فرما و نفوس را تأييد کن، روي‌ها را نورانی نما و خوي‌ها را گلزار و گلشن فرما، جان‌ها را به نَفَثاتِ قُدس زنده کن و نُفوس را به هدايتِ کُبری نفيس فرما، بخششِ آسمانی مبذول کن و موهبتِ رحمانی شايان فرما و در کَهفِ حفظ و حمايتِ خويش محفوظ و مَصون دار، الطافِ بی پايان شامل کن و عناياتِ  مخصوصه کامل فرما. توئی دهنده و بخشنده و دانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[203] Prayer UUID: bb508016-29ae-4cea-82bd-6438c6291111

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای خـداونـد، ایـن گُمگَشتِگان کـوی خـویش را عـاشقانِ فـارغ از بیگانه و خـویش فـرمـا. تـوئی قـادر و تـوانـا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[204] Prayer UUID: bbd7a21b-e3e5-45ba-9338-9f25cc252be4

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای پـروردگار، ما گنه‌کاریم و تـو آمرزگار ما ستمکاریم و تو بزرگوار، خطا بپوش گنه ببخش قصور عفو کن، بینا کن و شنوا، هوشیار فرما و دانا،  مُتِنبّه کن و مُتِذَکّر، مُتِضَرّع فرما و مُتِفَکّر، مَلجأ و پناهی و مرجع صبحگاه، آگاهی و گُواه که جز تو نجویم و به غیر راهت نپویم و جز ثنایت نگویم. ای یزدان مهربان، مستحقّ رأفت و عنایتیم و محتاجِ عَفو و مَغفِرَت. دادرسا به فریاد رس. اِنَکَ اَنتَ الرّحمَن الرّحیم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[205] Prayer UUID: bc5c530f-5845-48e0-a29f-d9e1e73dd8ad

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، بيچارگانيم چاره فرما، بی سر و سامانيم پناهی بخش، پراکنده‌ايم مجتمع فرما به گلۀ خويش پيوسته کن، بی نصيبانيم بهره و نصيب بخش، تشنگانيم بـه چشمۀ حيات دلالت کن، ضعيفانيم قـوّتــی ده تـا بـه نصرت امرت بـر خيزيم و در سبيل هدايتت جانفشانی کنيم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[206] Prayer UUID: bc83ba87-5d9f-4530-a18a-f8bbe6063a45

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای پروردگار ای کردگار مهربان، بندگانت در اطراف و اکناف مُتفرّق و مُتشتّت و پریشان، سرگردان بی‌سر و سامان، در هر نَفَسی در دامی گرفتار و در هر یومی در بومی سرگردان، به یاد تو دلخوشند و به نارِ محبّتت در آتش، سرگشتۀ کوی تو ‌اند و آشفتۀ روی و موی تو، عنایتی کن مرحمتی نما که کلّ در ظلّ ممدود و سایۀ خیمۀ محمود در تحتِ لواءِ مقصود مجتمع گردند و بر ارائک و سُرُرِ مُتقابِلین جالس گردند و از کأس موهبت نوشند و از صهباءِ عنایت سرمست گردند، توئی قادر و توانا. ای پروردگار، این سراج‌های روشن را از اریاحِ امتحان و افتتان محافظت فرما و این طیورِ بال و پر شکسته را در حدیقۀِ فضل آشیانه بخش، این بی‌نصیبان را نصیب ده و این درماندگان را درمانی عنایت کن. توئی کریم توئی رحیم و توئی علیم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[207] Prayer UUID: bcd20f52-3345-48a7-a69d-0ff22e7cf84d

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهَا مَعبُودا مَقصُودا
به‌كمالِ عجز و اِبتهال از تو مسألت مي‌نمايم اين عبد را از شرّ ناعقين حفظ فرمائی و از ظلّ سدرۀ مُنتهی و صَريرِ قلم اعلی محروم نسازی. اَشهَدُ اَنَّ اليومَ يَومُكَ وَ الاَمرَ اَمرَكَ. اَسأَلُكَ بصِراطِكَ المُستَقيمِ و نَبَأكَ العَظيمِ اَن تُؤيّدَنی عَلی ما يرفَعُ بِهِ اَمرُكَ بَينَ عِبادِكَ. اِنَّكَ اَنتَ المُقتَدِرُ عَلی ما تَشاءُ. لا اِلهَ اِلّا اَنتَ المُهيمِنُ القَيّومُ.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[208] Prayer UUID: bf44f98e-6d7d-44df-bbd7-199943c423fa

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهَا مَعبُودا مَلِكا
حمد و ثنا سزاوار تو است چه كه از مُشتی تُراب خَلق را خَلق فرمودی و گوهر بينش و دانش عطا نمودی. ای كريم، از تو مي‌طلبيم آنچه را كه سببِ حيات ابدی و زندگی سَرمَدي است، ما را محروم منما. وجود از جودت موجود، او را از طِرازِ عِنايت منع مفرما و كل را به تجلّياتِ انوارِ نيّر توحيد منوّر گردان. لَكَ الامرُ فِی المبدَأ وَ المَعاد وَ لَكَ الحُكمُ يا مالِكَ الايجاد وَ مالِكَ العِباد.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[209] Prayer UUID: c15ea483-2f75-4c9f-bb60-34bdea7e6e2d

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
خداوندا، اين نفوس را ياری کن و بزرگواری بخش و از هر قيدی عاری فرما و نگاهداری کن و دلداری ده و بـه جميع آمال و آرزو برخورداری بخش. تـوئی بخشنده و دهنده و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[210] Prayer UUID: c239b2c0-8106-408d-8432-79775f1e58f7

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
پـروردگارا، ستايش تو را سزاست که ايـن بی‌کسان را به خِيامِ عنايتت راه دادی و ايـن فقيران را به کَنزِ غَنايت دلالت فـرمودی و اين ذليلان را به عِزّتِ قديمه هدايت کردی. حمد تو را، شکر تو را  ای پروردگار.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[211] Prayer UUID: c2e61abd-a3e4-4283-b587-289251c10b17

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُو‌الابهَی‌الابهی
ای محبوبِ يکتا و پروردگارِ بي‌همتا، محضِ فَضل و جود درهای بخشش گشودی و رخ برافروختی و دل‌ها ربودی و غم‌ها زُدودی و نغمه‌ای سرودی که قلب‌ها مفتون شد و عقل‌ها مجنون. چه شد که پرده نشين گشتی و روی دلنشين پوشيدی؟ جان‌ها محزون شد و ياران دلخون، بِساط سرور بر چيده شد و شاخ حُبُور پژمرده و خميده، نسيم جانبخش ساکن شد و آبِ حيات راکد. پس ای پروردگار، نفحات اسرار از ملکوتِ ابهايت منتشر نما و پرتو انوار از جبروتِ اعلايت لامع فرما تا آفاق معطّر و منوّر ماند.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[212] Prayer UUID: c5596af2-3f79-4859-86fc-aa1b3ab55d09

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهَا مَعبُودا مَلِكا مَلِك اَلمُلُوكا
از تو مي‌طلبم تأييد فرمائی و توفيق عطا كنی تا به آنچه سزاوارِ ايّام تو است عمل نمايم و قابلِ جود و كرمِ تو است مشغول گردم. ای كريم غافلان را به‌بحرِ آگاهی راه نما و كنيزانت را به‌انوارِ اسمت مُنَوّر فرما و به‌اعمالِ طيّبه طاهره و اخلاق مرضيّه مؤيّد دار. لَكَ الحَمدُ واَلثَّناءُ وَلَكَ الفَضلُ وَالعَطاءُ. اين نَملۀ فانيه را به‌سُرادقِ عِرفانت راه نمودی و در ظلّ خِباء مَجدَت مأوی دادی. توئی بخشنده و توانا و دانا و بينا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[213] Prayer UUID: c635d5ba-9fb4-49cb-8187-e481f47c7aab

FULL TEXT (fa):
ای پروردگار همچنانکه از مشتهيات جسمانيّه و اشتغال بطعام و شراب باز ماندم دل و جانم را از محبّت غير خويش پاک و مقدّس کن و نفسم را از شهوات هوائيّه و اخلاق شيطانيّه محفوظ و مصون بدار تا روح بنفحات قدس انس گيرد و از ذکر دون تو صائم گردد.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[214] Prayer UUID: c81f0ba8-9747-4838-9576-d330086fbfa0

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، گنه‌کارم و تو آمرزگار، قاصرم و تو غافر، در ظُلمَتِ عِصيانم و تو نورِ غُفران. پس ای خداوند مهربان، خطا ببخش عطا بده گناه بيامرز پناه عطا کن، در چشمۀ ايّوب غوطه ده و از جميعِ علل و امراض شفا بخش، پاک و مقدّس کن و از فيضِ تقديس  نصيب عطا فرما تا حُزن و اندوه زائل گردد و فَرَح و سُرور حاصل شود، يأس مُبَدّل به اميد گردد و خوف مُنقَلب به رجا. توئی عَفُوّ و غَفور و توئی بخشنده و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[215] Prayer UUID: c992b69a-fee4-46e9-b150-d9817c788ddc

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
خداوندا آمرزگارا، اين مَجمع را تأييد کن و توفيق بخش تا عالم را به نورِ اتّحاد روشن نمايد، شرق و غرب را به پرتوِ محبّت و نورِ اتّفاق  مُنَوّر کند. ای بخشندۀ مهربان، دل‌ها را به نَفَثاتِ روح‌القدس زنده کن و روي‌ها را مانندِ شمع افروخته نما تا جهان را نورانی کنند و نفوس را رحمانی نمايند. توئی بخشنده توئی دهنده و توئی مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[216] Prayer UUID: cabcf39f-4938-4b7c-9857-b799d046fc97

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای خداوند، این کنیزِ مُستمَند را در مَلَکوتِ خویش قبول نما و به فیضِ ابدی محظوظ فرما، جامِ عشق بنوشان و نورِ عِرفان بخش، در چشمۀ ایّوب غوطه ده و از مِحَن و آلامِ اخلاقِ بشری شفا بخش، پرتوی از صفات خویش مبذول فرما، آسمانی کن ربّانی نما، روح‌القدس بِدَم، به روح وحدت عالم انسانی زنده نما، لسانِ ناطق ده، قلبِ فارغ بخش، حُجَج و بُرهان اِلهام کن و سبب هدایت نفوس فرما. توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی کریم و رحیم و دانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[217] Prayer UUID: cd044451-3dcc-480e-9b37-4f81a96e1831

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، اين جمع مَحضِ محبّت به اين محفل آمدند و با کمالِ حُبّ و وفاق حاضر شدند، خدايا روي‌ها را منوّر کن، ارواح را به بشارت کُبری مُستَبشَر فرما، چشم‌ها را به مشاهدۀ آياتِ هُدی روشن کن و گوش‌ها را به استماعِ ندای اعلی مُلتذّ فرما. پروردگارا، خطا کاريم تو مَغفرت کن، گنه‌کاريم تو عَفو فرما، در پناهِ خود پناه ده، نُقصان را به غُفران کامل کن، اين نفوس را از عالَمِ اوهام بِرَهان و به حقيقت دلالت بِنما تا تَحَرّیِ حقيقت کنند از عالم ناسوت دور شوند و به عالمِ مَلَکوت نزديک گردند، از جهانِ ظُلمانی به فضای نورانی در آيند، از ظُلمَاتِ اِمکان بِرَهان و به اَنوارِ لامکان مُنوّر فرما، مَظاهرِ انوار کن و مَطالعِ اثمار نما، از غير بيزار فرما و مُطّلِع بَر اَسرار نما. ای پروردگار تو آمرزگاری و دانا، تو بخشنده‌ای و توانا و توئی قادر و بينا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[218] Prayer UUID: ce06e2fe-10da-4486-9134-753981847977

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهی اِلهی تَرانی مَع ذِلّی و عَدم اِستعدادی و اِقتداری مهتمّاً بِعظائم الاُمُور، قاصِداً لِاعلاء کَلمَتک بين الجُمهُور، نادياً لِنشر تَعاليمک بين العُموم و اِنّی أتوَفّق بِهذا اِلّا أَن يِؤيّدَنی نفثات رُوحُ القُدس و يَنصرنی جُنود مَلکوتِک الاَعلی و تُحيط بی تُوفيقاتِک اَلّتی تَجعَل الذِباب عقاباً و القَطرة بِحوراً و أَنهاراً و الذَرّات شُموُسَاً و أنواراً رَبِّ أيّدنی بُقوّتِک القاهِرة و قُدرَتک النافذة حَتّی يَنطِق لِسانی بِمحامِدک و نُعوتِک بَين خَلقک و يطفح جَنانی بَرحيقِ مَحبّتک و مَعرِفتِک اِنّکَ أنتَ المُقتدر عَلی ما تَشاء و اِنّک عَلی کُلِّ شُیء قَدير ع ع.
" لوح دوم دوره دوم الواح فرامین تبلیغی حضرت عبدالبهاء"

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH01026 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [2] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [3]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[219] Prayer UUID: ce73e4cd-9bf7-45b9-82a3-c2365bb175c9

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلهی اِلهی تَری هذا الضَعيف يِتمنّی القُوّه المَلکوُتيّة و هذا الفَقير يَترَّجی کُنوزُک السَماويّة و هذا الظَمآن يشتاق مَعين الحَياة الأَبديّة و هذا العَليل يَرجُو شَفاء الغَليل بِرحَمتِک الواسِعَة الّتی اختَصصت بِها عِبادک المُختارين فی مَلکوتِک الأَعلی رَبِّ لَيس لِی نَصير اِلّا أَنتَ و لا مُجير اِلّا أنتَ و لا مُعين اِلّا أنتَ أيّدَنی بِملائِکتکَ عَلی نَشر نَفحاتِ قُدسکَ و بَثّ تَعاليمکَ بين خَيرة خَلقکَ رَبِّ اجعَلنی مُنقطِعاً عَن دونک مُتشبّثاً بِذيل عِنايتکَ مُخلصاً فی دينک  ثابِتاً عَلی مَحبَّتک عَامِلًا بِما أَمرتنی به  فی کِتابِک اِنّک أنتَ المُقتَدر العَزيز القَدير. ع ع.
" لوح پنجم دوره دوم الواح فرامین تبلیغی حضرت عبدالبهاء"

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH01026 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [2] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [3]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[221] Prayer UUID: cf9b6306-61f0-45b0-a27f-cac7211b1639

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای خداوند بي‌همتا ای رَبُّ المَلکوت، اين نفوس سپاهِ آسمانی تو اند  امداد فرما و به جنودِ ملأ اعلی نصرت کن تا هر يک نظيرِ اردوئی شوند و آن مَمَالک را به مَحبّت‌اللّه و نورانيّتِ تعاليم الهی فتح کنند. ای خدا، ظَهير و نَصيرِ آن‌ها باش و در بيابان و کوه و درّه و جنگل‌ها و درياها و صحرا‌ها مونسِ آن‌ها باش تا به قُوَّتِ ملکوتی و نفثات روح‌‌القدس فرياد زنند توئی مقتدر و عزيز و توانا و توئی دانا و شنوا و بينا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[222] Prayer UUID: d27fb563-2f85-4025-a3ef-b96791d0ea4a

FULL TEXT (fa):
بنامِ یزدانِ مِهربان
پاک يزدانا، خاکِ ايران را از آغاز مُشکبيز فرمودی و شورانگيز و دانش‌خيز و گوهرريز، از خاورش همواره خورشيدت نور افشان و در باخترش ماهِ تابان نمايان، کشورش مِهر پَرور و دَشتِ بهشت آسايش پُر گُل و گياهِ جان پرور و کُهسارش پر از ميوۀ تازه و تر و چمن زارش رشکِ باغِ بهشت، هوشش پيغامِ سروش و جوشش چون دريایِ ژرف پر خُروش. روزگاری بود که آتشِ دانشش خاموش شد و اخترِ بزرگواريش پنهان در زير روپوش، بادِ بهارش خزان شد و گُلزارِ دلربايش خارزار، چشمۀ شيرينش شور گشت و بزرگانِ نازنينش آواره و دربه‌درِ هر کشورِ دور، پرتوش تاريک شد و رودش آبِ بـاريک تا آنکه دريایِ بخششت به جوش آمد و آفتابِ دَهِش دَردَميد، بهارِ تازه رسيد و بادِ جانپرور وزيد و ابرِ بهمن باريد، پَرتوِ آن مِهرِ ِمِهرپَرور تابيد، کشور بجنبيد و خاکدان گلستان شد و خاکِ سياه رشکِ بوستان گشت، جهان جهانی تازه شد و آوازه بلند گشت، دشت و کُهسار سبز و خرم شد و مرغانِ چمن به ترانه و آهنگ هَمدَم شدند، هنگامِ شادمانی است، پيغامِ آسمانی است، بُنگاهِ جاودانی است بيدار شو بيدار شو. ای پروردگارِ بزرگوار، حال انجمنی فراهم شده و گروهی هَمداستان گشته که به جان بکوشند تا از آن بارانِ بخششت بهره‌ای به ياران دهند و کودکانِ خود را به نيروی پرورشت در آغوشِ هوش پَروَرده  رَشکِ دانشمندان نمايند، آئين آسمانی بياموزند و بخشش يزدانی آشکار کنند. پس ای پروردگارِ مهربان، تو پُشت و پناه باش و نيروی بازو بخش تا به آرزوی خويش رسند و از کم و بيش در گذرند و آن مَرز و بوم را چون نمونۀ جهان بالا نمايند.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH01026 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [2] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [3]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[224] Prayer UUID: d4c1d19f-b6f8-425d-8ed0-6a0f29516d99

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
خداوندِ مهربانا، اين جمع در ظلّ رحمت تو اند و اين نفوس متوجّه به ملکوت تو، خدايا بندگانيم کَرَم عنايت کن، فقرانيم از کَنزِ آسمانی بخش، نادانيم به حقايق اشياء دلالت کن، ضعيفيم قُوّتِ آسمانی رسان، فانی هستيم به عالمِ بقا در آر، محتاجيم و منتظرِ تأييد تو، اگرعنايتت رسد قطره دريا شود  ذرّه آفتاب گردد، اگر از الطافت محروم ماند از هر چيز بی بهره و نصيب شود، پس عنايت کن و مرحمت فرما تا عَلَم وحدتِ عالم انسانی بلند نمائيم و نورانيّت آسمانی شرق و غرب را احاطه کند، جميع احـزاب متّحد شوند و حيات ابدی جويند و ترويجِ وحدتِ عالمِ انسانی نمايند و صلحِ عمومی انتشار دهند. توئی کريم توئی معطی توئی مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[225] Prayer UUID: d5fc4d6d-70ee-4acf-a7fb-d7dcb09220af

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، مرا بيدار کن هشيار نما، از غيرِ خود بيزار کن و به محبّتِ جمالت گرفتار نما، نفحۀ روح‌القدس بخش و ندای ملکوت ابهی بگوش رسان، قوّتِ روحانی عطا کن و سِراجِ رحمانی در زُجاجِ قلب بر افروز، از هر بندی آزاد کن و از هر تَعلُّقی نجات ده تا جز رضای تو نطلبم و به‌غير از روی تو نجويم و دون راه تو نپويم، نُفُوسِ غافله را هشيار کنم و ارواحِ خفته را بيدار نمايم، تشنگان را آب حيات بخشم و مريضان را شفای الهی دهم، هر چند حَقيرم ذَليلَم فَقيرم امّا پشت و پناهم تـوئی و مُعين و ظَهيرَم تـوئی، تأييدی عنايت فرما که کُلّ حيران گردند. خدايا توئی مقتدر و توانا و بخشنده و دهنده و بينا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[226] Prayer UUID: d7c62ace-7624-475e-82d6-d97c25267a6c

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، اين جمع را مظهرِ عواطفِ رحمانيّه فرما و مطالعِ اَلطافِ سُبحانيّه نما، از بَحرِ بی‌کران سيراب کن و از آفتابِ مَطلعِ حقيقت روشن و تابان نما، فيضی بخش که انوارش در صبح اَبَدی منتشر، عنايتی کن که آثارش در مُلکِ سَرمَدی مُشتَهَر. توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی بخشنده و مهربان. اِنّک اَنتَ الکريمُ المتعال.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[227] Prayer UUID: d7e68524-42fc-46cf-86cd-6138d954ae84

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوَ السُّلطانُ العَليمُ الحَكيمُ
هذِهِ وَرقَةُ الفِردَوسِ تُغَنّی علی اَفنانِ سِدرَةِ البَقاءِ بِاَلحانِ قُدسٍ مَليحٍ* وَ تُبَشّرُ المُخلِصينَ اِلی جِوارِ اَللّهِ وَ المُوَحّدينَ اِلی ساحَةِ قُربٍ كَريمٍ وَ تُخبِرُ المُنقَطِعينَ بِهذّا اَلنّبَأِ اَلّذی فُصّلَ مِن نَبَأِ اَللّهِ المَلِكِ العَزيزِ الفَريدِ* وَ تَهدِی المُحبّينَ اِلی مَقعَدِ القُدسِ ثَمَّ اِلی هذَا المَنظَرِ المُنيرِ* قُل اِنَّ هذا لَمَنظَرُ الاكبَرِ اَلّذیِ سُطِرَ في اَلواحِ المُرسَلينَ* وَ بِهِ يُفصَلُ الحَقُّ عَنِ ‌الباطِلِ وَ يُفَرقُ كُلُّ اَمرٍ حَكيمٍ* قُل اِنَّهُ لَشَجَرُ اَلرّوحِ اَلّذی اَثمَرَ بِفَواكِهِ اَللّهِ العَلِيّ المُقتَدِرِ العَظيمِ* اَن يا اَحمَدُ فَاشهَد بِاَنَّهُ هُوَ اَللّهَ لا اِلهَ اِلا هُوَ السُّلطانُ المُهَيمِنُ العَزيزَ القَديرُ* وَ اَلّذی اَرسَلَهُ بِاَسمٍ عَلِيّ هُوَ حَقُّ مِن عِندِاَللّهِ وَ اِنّا كُلُّ بِاَمرِهِ لَمِنَ العامِلينَ* قُل يا قُومِ فَاَتّبِعُوا حُدودَ اَللّهِ اَلّتی فُرِضَت فِی البيانِ مِن لَدُن عَزيزٍ حَكيمٍ* قُل اِنَّهُ لَسُلطانُ الرُّسُلِ وَ كِتابَهُ لأمُّ الكِتابِ اِن اَنتُم مِنَ العارفينَ* كَذلِكَ يُذَكّرُكُمُ الوَرقاءُ فی هَذَا اَلسّجنِ وَ ما عَلَيهِ اِلّا البَلاغُ المُبينُ* فَمَن شاءَ فَليُعرِض عَن هَذَا النُّصحِ وَ مَن شاءَ فَليَتّخِذ اِلی رَبّهِ سَبيلاً* قُل يا قُومِ اِن تَكفُرُوا بِهذِهِ الآياتِ فَبِاَيّ حُجّةٍ آمَنتُم بِاللّهِ مِن قَبلُ هاتُوا بِها يا مَلأ الكاذِبينَ* لا فَوَاَلّذي نَفسی بِيَدهِ لَن يَقدِرُوا وَ لَن يَستَطيعُوا وَ لَو يَكُونُ بَعضُهُم لِبَعضٍ ظَهيراً*
اَن يا اَحمَدُ لا تَنسَ فَضلی في غَيبَتي ثُمّ ذكَّر اَيّامی في اَيّامِكَ ثُمَّ كُربَتی وَ غُربَتي في هذَا اَلسّجنِ البَعيدِ* وَ كَن مُستَقيماً في حُبّي بِحَيثُ لَن يُحَوَّلَ قَلبُكَ وَ لَو تُضرَبُ بِسُيُوفِ الأعداءِ وَ يَمنَعُكَ كُلُّ مَن فِي السَّمواتِ وَالارَضينَ* وَ كَن كَشُعلَةِ اَلنّار لاَعدائی وَ كَوثَرِ البَقاءِ لاحِبّائي وَ لا تَكُنُ مِنَ المُمتَرينَ* وَ اِن يَمَسّكَ الحُزنُ فی سَبيلی اَوِ الذّلّةُ لأَجلِ اَسمی لا تَضطَرِب فَتَوَكَّل عَلَی اَللّهِ رَبّكَ وَ رَبّ آبائِكَ الأَوَّلينَ* لأنَّ اَلنّاسَ يَمشُونَ فی سُبُلِ الوَهمِ وَ لَيسَ لَهُم مِن بَصَرٍ لِيَعرفُوا اَللّهَ بِعُيُونِهِم اَويَسمَعُوا نَغَماتِهِ بِآذانِهِم وَكَذلِك اَشهَدناهُم اِن اَنتَ مِنَ اَلشّاهِدينَ* كَذلِكَ حالَتِ الظُّنُونُ بَينَهُم وَ قُلُوبِهِم وَ تَمنَعَهُم عَن سُبُلِ اَللّهِ العَلِيّ العَظيمِ* وَ اِنَّكَ اَنتَ اَيقِن في ذاتِكَ بِاَنّ اَلَّذي اَعرَضَ عَن هذَا الجَمالِ فَقَد اَعرَضَ عَنِ الرُّسُلِ مِن قَبلُ ثّمَّ اَستَكبَرَ عَلَی اَللّهِ في اَزَلِ الآزالِ اِلی اَبّدِ الآبِدينَ*
فَاحفَظ يا اَحمَدُ هذَا اَللَّوحَ ثُمَّ اَقرَاَهُ في اَيّامِكَ وَ لا تَكُن مِنَ اَلصّابِرينَ* فَاِنَّ اَللّهَ قَد قَدَّرَ لِقارِئِه اَجرَ مِاَئَةِ شَهيدٍ ثُمَّ عِبادَةِ اَلثّقَلَينِ* كَذلِكَ مَنَنّا عَلَيكَ بِفَضلٍ مِن عِندِنا وَ رَحمَةٍ مِن لَدُنّا لِتَكُونَ مِنَ اَلشّاكِرينَ* فَوَ اَللّهِ مَن كانَ فی شِدَّةٍ اَو حُزنٍ وَ يَقرَوُ هَذا اَللّوحَ بِصِدقٍ مُبينٍ يَرفَعُ اَللّهُ حُزنَهُ وَ يَكشِفُ ضُرَّهُ وَ يُفَرَّجُ كَربَهُ وَ اِنَّهُ لَهُوَ اَلرَّحمنُ اَلرّحيمُ* وَ الحَمدُ لِلّهِ رَبّ العالَمينَ* ثُمَّ ذكّر مِن لَدُنّا كُلَّ مَن سَكَنَ في مَدينَةِ اَللّهِ المَلِكِ الجَميلِ مِنَ اَلّذينَ هُم آمَنُوا بِاللّهِ وَ بِالّذي يَبعَثُهُ اَللّهُ في يَومِ القِيمَةِ وَ كانُوا عَلی مَناهِجِ الحَقَّ لَمِنَ اَلسّالِكينَ*

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH01026 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [2] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [3]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[229] Prayer UUID: da58beaf-33bb-40cd-b75f-02b1dd62e56d

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
پاک یزدانا خداوند مهربانا، شکر تو را که این اِماء را عزیز نمودی و این ناچیزان را تاجِ موهبت بر سر نهادی، دَرِ بخشایش گشودی و رُخ بنمودی و دل‌ها بِرُبودی. ای رَبّ ودود، ستایش نتوانیم و از عهدۀ نیایش بر نیائیم، عاجزیم و ناچیز، قاصریم و بی‌تمیز ولی رویِ تو جوئیم سویِ تو پوئیم ثنایِ تو گوئیم، اسیرِ زنجیرِ محبّتیم و دستگیرِ امیرِ کشورِ موهبت، شکر تو را که شَهد و شِکَر به کام‌ها ریختی و این کنیزان را کامیاب نمودی. الحمد لک و الشّکر لک و الفضل لک و الموهبة منک، انک أنت المقتدر العطوف الرّؤوف.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[230] Prayer UUID: dd075169-c14f-4da3-8fcf-7832d96809bb

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای خداوندِ يکتا ای پروردگارِ بي‌همتا، ستايش و نيايش تو را که اين اِکليلِ جَليل را بر سر اين ضُعفا نهادی و اين رِداء عِزّتِ ابديّه را بر دوشِ اين فقرا دادی، پَرتوِ تقديست بر هيکلِ تُرابی زد انوار جهان ابدی ظاهر شد، شعلۀ عنايتت از نارِ موقده ظاهر شد و قلوب را حياتِ جاودانی داد، شکر تو را بر اين موهبت و بر اين عنايت و بر اين رحمت که اين ضعفا را به آن مُخَصّص داشتی. توئی کريم و رحيم و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[231] Prayer UUID: dde88ba8-398b-4cda-a2ce-1e3f1f313067

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای خداوند مهربان، ما گنه‌کاريم و تو آمُرزگار و ما تبهکاريم و تو عَفُوّ غَفّار، هر چند موجِ گنه اوج گرفته است ولی به عَفو و غُفرَانت معتمديم و هر چند سيلِ عِصيان در نهايتِ طُغيان است ولی به بخشش و احسانت مُتوَسّليم. ای خدای پر عطا، خطا بپوش دريای رحمت به جوش آور و جامِ مغفرت بنوشان، هر چند ظلمتِ ذُنوب شديد است ولی مَه تابانِ مَغفِرَتت بس مُنير. ای خداوند، اين مستمند را در ايوانِ بلند جای ده و ارجمند فرما و در فَلَکِ غُفران اَخترِ تابان کن و در سايۀ درختِ اميد مسکن و مأوی بخش. توئی غفور و تـوانـا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[232] Prayer UUID: ddf83c6c-5b6b-4f10-973f-a0a817282fba

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای پروردگار، آن مشتاقِ دیدار را در ملکوت بزرگوار کن و تاجی از موهبت بر سر نِه و خلعتی از هدایت کُبری در بـَر نما، زبان ناطق ده و بیان واضح بخش، قوّت ملکوت بنما و تأیید روح‌القدس ظاهر کن. توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی بخشنده و درخشنده و بینا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[233] Prayer UUID: ddfd5a4f-59e5-4a28-a9b8-55017f1c45c4

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای آمـرزگار همه گنه کاريم و جفا کـردار، تـو آمرزنده‌ای تو بخشنده‌ای مهربان، در قدر و لياقت منگر در فضل و عفو بنگر، ما را در بحرِ غُفران غَريق کن و در جنّت ابهی با ملأ اعلی رفيق. توئی رحيم توئی رحمن.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[234] Prayer UUID: de8e7a87-5b31-4ef3-a615-c36e48899ab2

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای خداوند مهربان، عنايتی فرما و مُوهبتی بنما تا همّت اين بينوايان بلند گردد و بند‌ها بُگسَليم و از بيگانگان بيزار شويم و به تو دل بنديم و به تمامی در دامِ عشقت گرفتار شويم، آتشی در دل بر فروزيم و حُجباتِ ماسِوی بسوزيم و چشم از مادون بدوزيم و به مشاهدۀ جمال در ملکوتِ ابهايت باز کنيم.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[235] Prayer UUID: e01eaa39-7426-4fa4-abc8-174de5192975

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار ای کردگار، ما گنه کاريم و تو آمرزگار و ما مقصّريم و تو بزرگوار، هر چند عِصيان مانند دريای بی پايان، ولی عَفو و غُفران تو اعظم از آن، چون نورِ بخششت بدرخشد ظُلَماتِ عِصيان هر چند تاريک و حالک باشد ظِلّ زائل گردد و چون ماءِ طَهور از ملکوتت  ای ربِّ غفور نازل شود  اوساخِ خطا هر چند عظيم باشد مفقود گردد و سيّئات بَدَل به حَسَنَاتِ موفور شود. ای خداوند اين بندۀِ مستمند را به اوجِ بلند برسان و اين عبدِ مسکين را در درگاه احديّتت پناه ده، هر چند پُر گناهيم در جوارِ رحمتِ کُبری مأوی بخش زيرا تو بخشنده و مهربانی و عَفُوّ و غَفور بر اهلِ جهان، آنچه سزاوارِ رِحمت است شايان فرما و آنچه لايق است مبذول دار. توئی رحمن توئی يزدان توئی حَنّان توئی منّان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[236] Prayer UUID: e2481331-6387-4e83-97d9-adbcf05deecd

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پاک يزدان، اين نهالانِ جويبارِ هدايت را از بارانِ ابرِ عِنايت تَر و تازه فرما و به نسيمِ رياضِ احديّت اهتزازی بخش و به حرارتِ شمسِ حقيقت جانی تازه عطا نما تا نشو و نما نمايند و روز به روز ترقّی کنند و شکفته گردند و پُر بار و برگ شوند. ای پروردگار، جمله را هوشيارکن و قوّت و اقتدار بخش و مظاهرِ تأييد و توفيق فرما که در نهايتِ برازندگی در بينِ خلق محشور شوند توئی مقتدر و توانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[237] Prayer UUID: e39d7f41-c387-45cc-9b95-6941d2d85e76

FULL TEXT (fa):
اِلَها مَعبُودا
عبادت را از ثمرۀ وجود محروم منما و از بحرِ جودت قسمت عطا فرما. توئی مقتدری كه قوّتِ عالم  قُوّتت را ضعيف ننمود و شوكت اُمَرای اَرض تو را از مَشيّتت باز نداشت. از تو مي‌طلبم فَضلِ قديمت را و عِنايتِ جديدت را. توئی فضّال و توئی غفّار و توئی بخشنده و توانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[238] Prayer UUID: e98a5efd-902f-475c-8ebc-4ad203270163

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای قَويّ قَدير، کُلّ در قبضۀ قدرت اسيريم، تو مُجير تو دستگير، عنايتی کن و مُوهبتی فرما ابوابِ فضل بگشا و نظرِ الطاف افکن، نسيمِ جانبخش بفرست دل‌های مشتاق را زنده کن ديده‌ها را روشن کن و ساحتِ د‌‌ل‌ها را رشک گُلزار و چمن نما، بشارت به ارواح ده و مَسرّت به جان‌ها بخش، قوّت قديمه ظاهر نما و قدرتِ عظيمه باهر، طيور نفوس را در هوای ديگر پرواز ده و مُحرِمانِ ناسوت را به اسرارِ مَلَکوت دمساز کن، قَدمِ ثابت بخش قلبِ راسخ عطا فرما، ما گنه‌کاريم تو آمرزگار ما بندگانيم تو پروردگار بی سر و سامانيم تو ملجاء و پناه، بر نشرِ نفحاتت تأييد کن، بر اعلاء کلماتت توفيق بخش، بی سران را سروران کن بينوايان را گنجِ روان بخش، ناتوانان را توانائی بخش و ضعيفان را قُوّتِ آسمانی ده. توئی پروردگار توئی آمرزگار توئی داورِ کردگار.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[239] Prayer UUID: e9d534e3-f775-46e4-9c0f-864849c5e51e

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالنّاصِرالمُعينُ
#(اِلهَا كَريما رَحيما)
به تو توجّه نموده‌ام و به حَبل عنايتت مُتِمَسّكم و به ذِيلِ كَرَمَت مُتشَبّث. توئی آن كَريمی كه يك قطره از دريای غُفرانت عِصيان عالميان را مَحو نمايد و يك كلمه از فَمِ عنايتت آب حَيوان بر اهلِ امكان مبذول دارد. ای بخشندۀ يكتا، عبدت را محروم منما و از بحر رحمتت قسمتی عطا نما و از دريایِ جودت نصيبی مقدّر فرما. السُن عالم قابل ذكرت نه و اَفئده اُمَم لايق ادراك هستيت نَه. هستیِ تو وَرایِ اِدراكِ عُقول و فوق عرفانِ نفوس بوده و هست. به كمالِ عجز و ابتهال بخشش قديمت را مي‌طلبم و فضلِ عَميمت را مي‌جويم. تـو دانـا و آگاهی، به ذكرت زنده‌ام و به اميد لَقايت موجود و پاينده، آن كن كه سزاوار بخشش تو است نه لايقِ ذكـر و ثنایِ من. لا اِلهَ اِلّا اَنتَ الغَفُورُالكَريمُ. اَلحَمدُ لَكَ اَنتَ مَقصُودُ القاصِدين.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[240] Prayer UUID: ec87677b-0c56-497d-982f-8125066579b4

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
پروردگارا آمرزگارا،این مُرغان  شکسته پرند  بال و پری ببخش و در اوج عَفو و غُفران پرواز ده و این بیچارگان را در پناهِ آمُرزشِ خویش مسکن و مأوی بخش این تشنگانِ را به چشمۀ اَلطاف برسان و این مُحتاجان را بَر خوانِ نعمتِ خویش حاضر فرما. از شبِ تار و تاریکِ حرمان و هجران نجات بخش و به صبحِ وصال دیده روشن نما، خطا ببخش عطا بده و به آنچه نوید بخشیدی وفا فرما. ای خدایِ مهربان هر چند گُنه‌کاریم ولی به عَفو تو امیدوار و هر چند بی‌استعدادیم ولی به بخشش و دادَت در نهایتِ اعتماد. توئی بخشنده و دهنده و آمرزگار و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[241] Prayer UUID: ed14963c-8740-44f2-8d69-6a7e5b541cb7

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، آمرزگاری و ای کردگار بُزُرگواری، پس يارانِ مشتاق را بهره‌ای از اشراق ده و عُشّاقِ روی خويش را پرتوی از دلبرِ آفاق بخش، آوارگانِ باديه هجران را به حريمِ وصال در آر  و گمگشتگانِ صحرای فراق را مَحرَم حَرَمِ وصال کن، عاشقان را از حِرمان نجات ده و آشفتگان را در بَزمِ قُرب سر و سامان بخش، صامِتان را ناطق کن و قانِطان را اميدوار فرما، بيگانگان را آشنا کن و مَحرَومان را مَحرَمِ راز فرما، مَخمُودان را برافروز و مُنجَمدان را به نارِ محبّتت بسوز، طريقِ هُدی نما و ابوابِ ملکوت ابهی بگشا، بنيان حسد و بغضا برانداز، ايوان محبّت و وفا برافراز و بيچارگان را چاره ساز. ای دلبرِ مهربان، هر بينوائی سر گشتۀ کوی تو و هر مرغِ بی پـر و بالی گرفتار موی تـو و هر سرگشته و سرگردانی ناظر به سوی تو و هر سوخته دلی تشنۀ جوی تو، و جهانيان هر چند غافلند ولی به جان در گفتگویِ تو، ندانند و نشناسند، نجويند و نپويند ولی مُستحقّ الطافند و سزاوارِ عِنايت و اعطاف. ای کريم نظر به استعدادِ هر سقيم مفرما، به فضل عَميم معامله کن و به نورِ مُبين هدايت فرما، يـاران خويش را يـاوری کن و عاشقانِ ملکوتِ جمال را بشارت وصال ده و دردمندانِ عشق را درمان دل و جان بخش، هـر يک را بـر خدمتِ آستانت مـوفّق کن و در زُمرۀ راستان در آر و از دوستانِ راستان کن. توئی مقتدر و توانا توئی بخشنده و درخشنده و تـابـان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[242] Prayer UUID: ed906bfd-9bdb-4613-bd12-bcadf2eabb3f

FULL TEXT (fa):
قولُهُ تعَالی:
بِسمِیَ الاَعظَمِ
یا اِلهی وَ ناری وَ نُوری قَد دَخَلَتِ الاَیّامُ الَّتی سَمَّیتَها بِاَیّامِ الهاءِ فی کِتابِکَ یا مالِکَ الاَسماءِ وَ تَقَرَّبَت اَیّامُ صیامِکَ الَّذی فَرَضتَهُ مِن قَلَمِکَ الاَعلی لِمَن فی مَلَکُوتِ الاِنشاءِ  اَی رَبِّ اَسأَلُکَ بِتِلکَ الاَیّامِ وَ الَّذینَ تَمَسَّکُوا فیها بِحَبلِ اَوامِرِکَ وَ عُروَةِ اَحکامِکَ بِاَن تَجعَلَ لِکُلِّ نَفسٍ مَقَرّاً فی جُوارِکَ وَ مَقاماً لَدی ظُهُورِ نُورِ وَجهِکَ   اَی رَبِّ اُولئِکَ عِبادٌ ما مَنَعَهُمُ الهَوی عَمّا اَنزَلتَهُ فی کِتابِکَ  قَد خَضَعَت اَعناقُهُم لِاَمرِکَ وَ اَخَذوا کِتابَکَ بِقُوَّتِکَ وَ عَمِلُوا ما اُمِروُا بِه مِن عِندِکَ وَ اختاروُا ما نُزِّلَ لَهُم مِن لَدُنکَ   اَی رَبِّ تَری اِنَّهُم اَقَروُّا وَ اعتَرَفُوا بِکُلِ ما اَنزَلتَهُ فی اَلواحِکَ   اَی رَبِّ اَشرِبهُم مِن یَدِ عَطائِکَ  کَوثَرَ بَقائِکَ ثُمَّ اکتُب لَهُم اَجرَ مَنِ انغَمَسَ فی بَحِر لِقائِکَ وَ فازَ بِرَحیقِ وِصالِکَ اَسأَلُکَ یا مالِکَ المُلُوکِ وَ راحِم المَملُوکِ  اَن تُقَدِّرَ لَهُم خَیرَالدُّنیا وَ الآخِرَةِ ثُمَّ اکتُب لَهُم ما لا عَرَفَهُ اَحَدٌ مِن خَلقِکَ  ثُمَّ اجعَلهُم مِنَ الذَّینَ طافُوا حَولَکَ وَ یَطُوفُونَ حَولَ عَرشِکَ  فی کُلِّ عالَمٍ مِن عَوالِمِکَ اِنَّکَ اَنتَ المُقتَدِرُ العَلیمُ الخَبیرُ.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2] BH01026 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[244] Prayer UUID: ee08f5bb-0a6b-40a5-9499-78198e06c497

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای يزدان بی انباز، نياز آريم و نماز که اين بندگان را به راز خويش دمساز نما و از آواز هاتف مَلأ اَعلی مُستمع فرما، بر صِراط عهد و پيمانت ثابت قدم کن و به ذکر جمال مبارکت همدم نما، از جام احديّتت بنوشان و از شهد عنايتت بچشان و به فضل عظيم جمال قديمت فائز کن، اين بندۀ درگاهت را به بارگاه احديّتت راه ده و اين اميدوار رحمتت را نوميد مگردان و بر پيمان و ايمان مُحکم و اسُتوار نما.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[245] Prayer UUID: eed34514-59d6-4e74-bb2e-663ad60fefcb

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای پروردگار، تأييد بخش و توفيق عنايت کن، اين ابرِ تيره را زائل کن و اين غَمامِ هائل را متلاشی و باطل، نسيمِ جانبخش بِوَزان و دل‌های مرده را زنده کن، بارانِ رحمتی ببار و اين گياهِ افسرده را تر و تازه نما، حَدائقِ قلوب را جَنّتِ ابهی کن و حقايقِ نفوس را رياضِ ملأ اعلی. ای قدير، رجای اين عبد را بپذير، توئی توانا توئی بي‌همتا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[246] Prayer UUID: f09b97c0-89f5-4447-b0ac-dc50cbc05572

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای پروردگار، به آنچه سزاوار است موفّق کن، ای آمرزگار به آنچه لايقست مؤيّد فرما، اين دست‌ها به دامن عَفوت پيوسته و اين دل‌ها به محبّتت مقيّد و بسته، عنايت کن موهبت بخش.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[247] Prayer UUID: f0eb5203-06fd-4339-bd42-4487408d3228

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای خداوندِ مهربان، این اطفالِ نازنین صُنعِ دستِ قدرتِ تو اند و آیاتِ عظمتِ تو. خدایا این کودکان را محفوظ بدار، مُؤید بَر تعلیم کن و مُوفّق به خدمتِ عالم انسانی فرما. خدایـا، ایـن اطفال دُردانه‌اند، درآغوشِ صدفِ عِنایت پرورش ده. توئی بخشنده و مهربـان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[248] Prayer UUID: f12069f0-21ff-4b66-86b1-2b055d9492d6

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای خداوندِ بی نياز، اين دل‌ها را به رازِ خويش دمساز کن و از بيگانه و خويش بی نياز فرما، از جامِ صَبوحی در صبحِ احديّت بنوشان و از جامِ الَست سرمست نما، اين بندگان  واله و شيدای تو اند و اين مشتاقان آشفته و پريشان تو، سر گشتۀ کوی تو اند و پُر جَذبه در روی تو و گله آهوی تو، در بيابانِ هجران سر گَشته و سر گردان هستيم و در وادی حِرمان پريشان، بدرقۀ عنايت بفرست و پيکِ هدايت  تا بوئی از کوی تو به مشام در آيد و پرتوی از رويت در کُلبِۀ احزان اين حسرت زدگان افتد، ظلمتِ ديجور به نور تبديل گردد و گُلخَنِ حِرمان گُلشنِ احسان گردد. تـوئی تـوانا و بينا و شنوا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[249] Prayer UUID: f268cd6e-4fb2-400d-a7e8-b1dc6aa050f3

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
خدایا، تو را شکر باد که این بیگانه را آشنای خویش نمودی و این بیچاره را به پناهِ خود راه دادی، تشنۀ جان سوخته را آبِ حیات بخشیدی و ماهیِ لب تشنه را به عَذبِ فُرات در آوردی. لَکَ الحَمدُ علی ذلک، اِنَکَ اَنتَ الکَریمُ الرّحیمُ الوَهّاب.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[250] Prayer UUID: f2846072-071a-4170-aacb-cc9ed6798eb9

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
ای خدای آمرزنده، مادرِ مهربان مرا گناه بیامرز قُصور عفو فرما ، نظرِ عنایت بنما و در ملکوتِ خویش داخل کن، خدایا مرا از بَدوِ حیات تربیت نمود پرورش داد ولی من مُکافاتِ زحمات او ننمودم تو مُکافات فرما او را حیات ابَدیّه بخش و در مَلَکوتِ خویش عزیز فرما. توئی آمرزنده و بخشنده و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[251] Prayer UUID: f313dbeb-7074-49c5-b9f0-3f4e518a716d

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای خداوندِ مهربان، مورِ ضعيفم حشمت سليمانی بخش، ذرّۀ فانيم از پرتوِ شمس حقيقت نمايان فرما، قطره‌ام امواج دريا بخش، پَشه‌ام عُقاب اوج عزّت فرما، ذليلم در ملکوتت عزيز کن بی نام و نشانم نشان تأييد بخش.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[252] Prayer UUID: f3c79186-b019-4dd9-b92e-d2698e82d922

FULL TEXT (fa):
بِسمِه المُهیمِن الاسماء
اِلهِي اِلهِي اَسْألُكَ بِبَحْرِ شِفائِكَ وَاِشْراقاتِ اَنْوارِ نَيِّرِ فَضْلِكَ وَبِالاسْمِ الَّذِيْ سَخَّرْتَ بِهِ عِبادَكَ وَبِنُفُوذِ كَلِمَتِكَ العُلْيا وَاقْتِدارِ قَلَمِكَ الأَعْلى وَبِرَحْمَتِكَ الَّتِيْ سَبَقَتْ مَنْ فِي الأَرْضِ وَالسَّمآءِ، اَنْ تُطَهِّرَنِي بِماءِ العَطآءِ مِنْ كُلِّ بَلآءٍ وَسُقَمٍ وَضَعْفٍ وَعَجْزٍ، اَيْ رَبِّ تَرَى السَّائِلَ قائِمًاً لَدى بابِ جُودِكَ وَالآمِلَ مُتَمَسِّكًاً بِحَبْلِ كَرَمِكَ، أَسْألُكَ اَنْ لا تُخَيِّبَهُ عَمَّا أَرادَ مِنْ بَحْرِ فَضْلِكَ وَشَمْسِ عِنايَتِك. اِنَّكَ اَنْتَ المُقْتَدِرُ عَلَى ما تَشآءُ لا إِلهَ إِلاَّ اَنْتَ الغَفُورُ الْكَرِيمُ.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[253] Prayer UUID: f4066b9f-e410-4d6f-b479-4af8b328b8f4

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
ای خداوند بيمانند، يارانِ عبدالبهاء را ياوری کن و گناهکاران را بزرگواری نما، بَزمِ غُفران بيارا و جامِ‌ فضل و احسان بخش، بيچارگان و آوارگان را ملجأ و پناه ده و آگاه فرما، دستگير شو مُجير گرد تا هر اسير و فقير از خوانِ نعمتت  نصيب و بهره بردارد. توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی دهنده و بخشنده و مهربان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[254] Prayer UUID: f4555cfa-5a4e-4f6f-be9e-e01057914aba

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای پروردگار، بيچارگانيم به درگاه تو پناه آورده‌ايم، پريشان روزگاريم در بارگاه تو سر و سامان جوئيم، افتادگانيم الطاف تو را نگرانيم، ما را بر عهد و ميثاق خويش ثـابت و مستقيم فـرما و از سِهام شُبَهات مَحفوظ دار و در ظلّ صُون و حمايت خويش جای ده و از امتحان و افتتان ما را مصون دار. تـوئی مقتدر و تـوانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[255] Prayer UUID: f4753a2e-cd21-4d47-9af8-966eb922c168

FULL TEXT (fa):
هوالأبهی
خدایا، این طیرِ حدیقۀ عرفان را بال و پری عطا فرما و این پروانۀ شمعِ محبّتت را قُرب و مَنزلتی احسان کن، این سرگشتۀ صحرای عشق را به‌خَلوتخانۀعِنایت دلالت نما و این تشنۀ بادیۀ هِجران را به بحرِ لقاءِ روحانی بکشان، این بندۀ قدیم را ندیمِ بزمِ الطاف کن و این فقیرِ مسکین را به غَنای حقیقی مُستَغنی گردان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[256] Prayer UUID: f51222c7-95f7-435e-9dc6-1cb5926331a5

FULL TEXT (fa):
هواللّه
پروردگارا مهربانا، نفوسی در این محفلِ روحانی در نهایتِ تبتّل و تضرّع حاضر شدیم و توجّه به ملکوتِ تو نمودیم و آرزوی تأیید و توفیق می‌نمائیم تا با یکدیگر متّحد شویم و متّفق گردیم و مانند شهد و شیر به هم بیامزیم و سبب ظهور وحدتِ عالمِ انسانی گردیم، با دلی پاک و جانی تابناک مناجات کنیم و طلبِ حاجات نمائیم. پروردگارا  نظر به گناه منما به فضل و عنایتت معامله فرما، گناه ببخش عطا بفرما نارِ محبّت برافروز و پردۀ اوهام و نفس و هوی بسوز، ما را از شرّ نَفس مَحفوظ و مَصون بدار و در ظلِّ حمایتت  راحت و آسایش بخش توئی مقتدر و توانا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[257] Prayer UUID: f611a303-4f6d-4262-b652-753a32673968

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُواللّه
رَبِّی رَبِّی کودکم خردسال، از پستان عنايت شير ده و در آغوش مَحبّتت پرورش بخش و در دبستانِ هدايت تعليم فرما و در ظلّ عِنايتت تربيت کن، از تاريکی بِرَهان، شمعِ روشن کن و از پژمردگی نجات داده گُلِ گلشن فرما، بندۀ آستان کن و خُلق و خوی راستان بخش، موهبتِ عالم انسانی کن و تاجی از حياتِ ابديّه بَر سَر نه. توئی مقتدر و توانا و توئی شنونده و بينا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[258] Prayer UUID: f80a9348-a478-42b3-9f84-bbeb23d156f3

FULL TEXT (fa):
هُوالابهی
ای خداوند مهربان، اين نفوس بندگان آستانند و پاسبان‌های راستان، شب و روز به نار محبّتت مشتعلند و به نَفَحات قُدست مُؤانس، مقصدی جز رضای تو ندارند و آرزوئی جز لقای تو نجويند، چون شمع در سوز و گدازند و چون مرغ سحری همدم نغمه و آواز، هر يک در جَنّتِ ابهايت صِفَتِ حَمد تو گويند و از جويبارِ رحمتت بنوشند و در اعلاء کلمه‌ات بکوشند و از آتش عشقت بسوزند و بجوشند. ای پروردگار، اين مرغان چمنستان محبّتت را در حَديقۀ حقيقت لانه و آشيانه بخش و به ترانۀ وجد و سرور و شوق و شادمانی در بزم کامرانی دمساز فرما، ابر رحمت ببار، بَحرِ موهبت به موج آر، نسيم عنايت بوزان و پرتو موهبت مَبذول دار تا هر يک چون جَبَلِ راسخِ مَتين بر اين عهدِ رَزينِ رَصينْ ثابت و بر قرار مانند و به‌شکرانه احسانت زبان گشايند وهريک آيتی از آيات توحيد گردند و هر کدام بَيّنِه‌ای از بيّناتِ کتابِ مجيد. توئی خداوند مهربان و توئی جَزيلُ الاحسان. اِنّکَ اَنتُ الکريمُ المُقتدرُ العزيزُالمَنّان.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[259] Prayer UUID: f890e03d-db92-4606-afdb-09378e01fff4

FULL TEXT (fa):
هوالأبهی
ای پروردگار، این بیچارگان را چاره‌ای بخش و این درماندگان را درمانی عطا فرما و این بی‌نوایان را فضل و احسانی عطا فرما، این نفوسِ ضعیفه را در پناه حضرتت پناهی ده و این فقیرانِ نحیف را قوّتی عنایت فرما.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[260] Prayer UUID: fd44fee7-517d-4922-889f-e3df1d188741

FULL TEXT (fa):
كَريما رَحيما
گواهی مي‌دهم به وحدانيّت و فردانيّت تـو و از تـو مي‌طلبم آنچه را كه به‌دوامِ مُلك و مَلَكوت باقی و پاينده است. توئی مالكِ مَلَكوت و سلطانِ غيب و شهود. ای پروردگار، مسكينی به‌بحرِ غنايت توجّه نموده و سائلی به‌ذيلِ كرمت اقبال كرده، او را محروم منما. توئی آن فَضّالی كه ذرّاتِ كائنات بر فَضلت گواهی داده، توئی آن بخشنده‌ای كه جميع مُمكِنات بر بخششت اعتراف نموده. اين بنده از كُلّ گذشته و به‌حِبالِ جود و اَذيال كَرمت تَمَسُّك و تَشَبّث جُسته و در جميع احوال به‌تو ناظر و تو را شاكر، اگر اِجابت فرمائی مَحمودی در امر و اگر ردّ نمائی مُطاعی در حُكم. توئی آن مقتدری كه كُلّ نزد ظهورش عاجز و قاصر مشاهده شوند. ای كريم، اين عبد را به‌خود وا مگذار. توئی قادر و توانا و مالكِ جود و عطا.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2]  (Confidence: 0%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[261] Prayer UUID: fe213d31-bfa8-4104-9cd5-976a15f797cb

FULL TEXT (fa):
اَلْثَّناءُ الَّذِيْ ظَهَرَ مِنْ نَفْسِكَ الأَعْلى وَالبَهاءُ الَّذِي طَلَعَ مِنْ جَمالِكَ الأَبْهی، عَلَيْكَ يا مَظْهَرَ الْكِبْرِياءِ وَسُلْطانَ الْبَقآءِ وَمَلِيْكَ مَنْ فِي الأَرْضِ وَالسَّماءِ، اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ بِكَ ظَهَرَتْ سَلْطَنَةُ اللَّهِ وَاقْتِدارُهُ وَعَظَمَةُ اللَّهِ وَكِبْرِياؤُهُ، وَبِكَ اَشْرَقَتْ شُمُوسُ الْقِدَمِ فِي سَماءِ الْقَضاءِ وَطَلَعَ جَمالُ الْغَيْبِ عَنْ أُفُقِ الْبَداءِ، وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ بِحَرَكَةٍ مِنْ قَلَمِكَ ظَهَرَ حُكْمُ الْكافِ وَالنُّونِ وَبَرَزَ سِرُّ اللَّهِ الْمَكْنُونُ، وَبُدِئَتِ المُمْكِناتُ وَبُعِثَتِ الظُّهُوْراتُ، وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ بِجَمالِكَ ظَهَرَ جَمالُ الْمَعْبُودِ وَ بِوَجْهِكَ لاحَ وَجْهُ الْمَقْصُودِ وَ بِكَلِمَةٍ مِنْ عِنْدِكَ فُصِّلَ بَيْنَ الْمُمْكِناتِ وَ صَعَدَ المُخْلِصُونَ اِلَى الذِّرْوَةِ الْعُلْيا وَالْمُشْرِكوْنَ اِلَى الدَّركاتِ السُّفْلی، وَ اَشْهَدُ بِاَنَّ مَنْ عَرَفَكَ فَقَدْ عَرَفَ اللَّهَ، وَ مَنْ فازَ بِلِقائِكَ فَقَدْ فازَ بِلِقاءِاللَّهِ، فَطُوْبى لِمَنْ آمَنَ بِكَ وَ بِآياتِكَ وَ خَضَعَ بِسُلْطانِكَ وَ شُرِّفَ بِلِقائِكَ وَ بَلَغَ بِرِضائِكَ وَ طافَ فِي حَوْلِكَ وَ حَضَرَ تِلْقاءَ عَرْشِكَ، فَوَيْلٌ لِمَنْ ظَلَمَكَ وَأَنْكَرَكَ وَ كَفَرَ بِآياتِكَ وَ جاحَدَ بِسُلْطانِكَ وَ حارَبَ بِنَفْسِكَ وَ اسْتَكْبَرَ لَدى وَجْهِكَ وَ جادَلَ بِبُرْهانِكَ وَ فَرَّ مِنْ حُكُومَتِكَ وَ اقْتِدارِكَ وَ كانَ مِنَ الْمُشْرِكِيْنَ فِي اَلْواحِ الْقُدْسِ مِنْ اِصْبَعِ الأَمْرِ مَكْتُوبًا.

فَيا اِلهِي وَ مَحْبُوْبِيْ فَأَرْسِلْ اِلَيَّ عَنْ يَمِيْنِ رَحْمَتِكَ وَ عِنايَتِكَ نَفَحاتِ قُدْسِ أَلْطافِكَ لِتَجْذِبَنِيْ عَنْ نَفْسِيْ وَ عَنِ الدُّنْيا اِلى شَطْرِ قُرْبِكَ وَ لِقائِكَ وَ اِنَّكَ اَنْتَ الْمُقْتَدِرُ عَلَى ما تَشاءُ وَ اِنَّكَ كُنْتَ عَلَى كُلِّ شَيْءٍ مُحِيْطاً.

عَلَيْكَ يا جَمالَ اللَّهِ ثَناءُ اللَّهِ وَ ذِكْرُهُ وَ بَهاءُاللَّهِ وَ نُورُهُ اَشْهَدُ بِاَنَّ ما رَأَتْ عَيْنُ الإِبْداعِ مَظْلُوماً شِبْهَكَ كُنْتَ فِي اَيَّامِكَ فِي غَمَراتِ الْبَلايا مَرّةً كُنْتَ تَحْتَ السَّلاسِلِ وَ الأَغْلالِ و مَرَّةً كُنْتَ تَحْتَ سُيُوفِ الأَعْداءِ وَ مَعَ كُلِّ ذلِكَ أَمَرْتَ النَّاسَ بِما أُمِرْتَ مِنْ لَدُنْ عَلِيْمٍ حَكِيْمٍ. رُوْحِيْ لِضُرِّكَ الْفِداءُ وَ نَفْسِيْ لِبَلائِكَ الْفِداءُ اَسْأَلُ اللَّه بِكَ وَبِالَّذِيْنَ اسْتَضائَتْ وُجُوهُهُمْ مِنْ اَنْوارِ وَجْهِكَ وَ اتَّبَعُوْا ما أُمِرُوا بِهِ حُبّاً لِنَفْسِكَ أَنْ يَكْشِفَ السُّبُحاتِ الَّتِيْ حالَتْ بَيْنَكَ وَ بَيْنَ خَلْقِكَ وَ يَرْزُقَنِيْ خَيْرَ الدُّنْيا وَالآخِرَةِ اِنَّكَ اَنْتَ الْمُقْتَدِرُ الْمُتَعالِ الْعَزِيْزُ الْغَفُورُ الرَّحِيْمُ، صَلِّ اللَّهُمَّ يا اِلهِي عَلَى السِّدْرَةِ وَ اَوْراقِها وَ اَغْصانِها وَ اَفْنانِها وَ أُصُولِها وَ فُرُوْعِها بِدَوامِ اَسْمائِكَ الْحُسْنى وَ صِفاتِكَ الْعُلْيا ثُمَّ احْفَظْها مِنْ شَرِّ المُعْتَدِيْنَ وَ جُنُودِ الظَّالِمِيْنَ اِنَّكَ  اَنْتَ الْمُقْتَدِرُ الْقَدِيْرُ، صَلِّ اللَّهُمَّ يا اِلهِي عَلَى عِبادِكَ الْفائِزِيْنَ وَ اِمائِكَ الْفائِزاتِ اِنَّكَ اَنْتَ الْكَرِيْمُ ذُوالْفَضْلِ الْعَظِيْمِ لا اِلهَ اِلاَّ اَنْتَ الْغَفُوْرُ الْكَرِيْمُ.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH01026 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [2] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[263] Prayer UUID: ff565829-3308-4e37-b72e-9e264d0afd40

FULL TEXT (fa):
بِسم اللّه الامنَع الاقدَسِ الارفعِ الابهی
بِكَ يا عَليُّ بِكَ يا وَفيُّ بِك يا بَهيُّ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا سُلطانُ بِكَ يا رَفعانُ بِكَ يا دَيّانُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا أحَدُ بِكَ يا صَمَدُ بِكَ يا فَرَدُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا سُبحانُ بِكَ يا قُدسانُ بِكَ يا مُستَعانُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا عَليمُ بِكَ يا حَكيمُ بِكَ يا عَظيمُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا رَحمنُ بِكَ يا عَظمانُ بِكَ يا قَدرانُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا مَعشُوقُ بِكَ يا مَحبُوبُ بِكَ يا مَجذُوبُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا عَزيزُ بِكَ يا نَصيرُ بِكَ يا قَديرُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا حاكِمُ بِكَ يا قائِمُ بِكَ يا عالِمُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا رُوحُ بِكَ يا نُورُ بِكَ يا ظُهورُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا مَعمُورُ بِكَ يا مَشهُورُ بِكَ يا مَستُورُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا غائِبُ بِكَ يا غالِبُ بِكَ يا واهِبُ اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا قادِرُ بِكَ يا ناصِرُ بِكَ يا ساتِرُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا صانِعُ بِكَ يا قانِعُ بِكَ يا قالِعُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا طالِعُ بِكَ يا جامِعُ بِكَ يا رافِعُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا بالِغُ بِكَ يا فارِغُ بِكَ يا سابِغُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا نافِعُ بِكَ يا مانِعُ بِكَ يا صانِعُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا جَليلُ بِكَ يا جَميلُ بِكَ يا فَضيلُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا عادِلُ بِكَ يا فاضِلُ بِكَ يا باذِلُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بك يا قَيُّومُ بِكَ يا دَيمُومُ بِكَ يا عَلُّومُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا عَظُومُ بِكَ يا قَدُومُ بِكَ يا كَرُومُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا مَحفُوظُ بِكَ يا مَحظُوظُ بِكَ يا مَلحُوظُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا عَطُوفُ بِكَ يا رَؤوفُ بِكَ يا لَطُوفُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا مَلاذُ بِكَ يا مَعاذُ بك يا مُستَعاذُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا غِياثُ بِكَ يا مُستَغاثُ بِكَ يا نَفّاثُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا كاشِفَ بِكَ يا ناشِفُ بِكَ يا عاطِفُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا جانُ بِكَ يا جانانُ بِكَ يا إيمانُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا ساقي بِكَ يا عالی بِكَ يا غالی* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا ذكرَالأعظم بِكَ يا اسمَ الاكرَم بِكَ يا رسم الاقدم * اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا سُبّوحُ بِكَ يا قُدّوسُ بِكَ يا نُزّوهُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا فَتّاحُ بِكَ يا نَصّاحُ بِكَ يا نَجّاحُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا حَبيبُ بِكَ يا طَبيبُ بِكَ يا جَذيبُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا جَلالُ بِكَ يا جَمالُ بِكَ يا فَضّالُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا واثِقُ بِكَ يا عاشِقُ بِكَ يا فالِقُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا وَهّاجُ بِكَ يا بَلّاجُ بِكَ يا بَهّاجُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا وَهّابُ بِكَ يا عَطّافُ بِكَ يا رَآّفُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا ثابِتُ بِكَ يا نابِتُ بِكَ يا ذاوتُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* بِكَ يا نافِدُ بِكَ يا لاحِظُ بِكَ يا لافِظُ* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* يا ظاهِرُ مَستُور يا غائِبُ مَشهُور يا ناظِرُ مَنظُور* اَنتَ الكافی وَ اَنتَ اَلشّافي وَ اَنتَ الباقي يا باقي* يا قاتِلَ عُشّاقٍ يا واهِبَ فُسّاقٍ يا كافی بِكَ يا كافی يا شافی بِكَ يا شافی يا باقی بِكَ يا باقی أنت الباقی يا باقی* سُبحانكَ اَللّهُمّ يا اِلهی اَسألُكَ بِجودِكَ الّذی بِهِ فَتحتَ اَبوابَ الفَضلِ وَ العَطاءِ وَ بِه اَستَقَرّ هَيكَلُ قُدسِكَ عَلی عَرشِ البَقاءِ وَ بِرَحمَتِكَ اَلّتی بِها دَعَوتَ المُمكِناتِ اِلی خُوانِ مَكرُمَتِكَ وَ اِنعامِكَ وَ بِعِنايَتِكَ الّتي بِها اَجَبتَ في نَفسِكَ مِن قِبَلِ كُلّ مَن فِی اَلسّمواتِ وَالارضِ فی حينِ ظُهُورِ عَظَمَتِكَ وَ سَلطَنَتِكَ وَ طُلُوعِ عِزّ حُكُومَتِكَ بِكَلِمَةٍ (بَلی) كَ وَ بِهذِهِ الاسماءِ الحُسنَی الاعظَمِ وَ بِهذِهِ الصّفاتِ‌العُليَا‌الاكرَمِ وَ بّذِكرِكَ‌العَلِيّ الاعلی وَ بِجَمَالِكَ الالطَفِ الاصفی وَ بِنُورِكَ الخَفِيّ فی سُرادِقِ الاخفی وَ بِاسمِكَ المُتَقَمّصِ بِقَميصِ البلاءِ في كُلّ صَباحٍ وَ مَساءٍ اَن تَحفَظَ حامِلَ هذِهِ الوَرَقةِ المُبَارَكَة ثُمّ الّذی يَقرَؤُها ثُمّ الّذي يُلقي عَليها ثُمّ الّذی يَمرُّ في حَولِ بَيتِ الّتي هِي فيها ثُمّ اَشفِ بِها كُلَّ مَريضٍ وَ عَليلٍ وَ فَقيرٍ عَن كُلّ بَلاءٍ وَ مَكرُوهٍ وَ آفةٍ وَ حُزنٍ ثٍمّ اَهدِ بِها كُلَّ مَن يُريدُ اَن يَدخُلَ فی سُبُلِ هِدايتِكَ وَ مَناهِجِ فَضلِكَ وَ غُفرانِكَ وَ اِنَّكَ اَنتَ العَزيزُ الكافِي اَلشّافِي الحافِظُ المُعطِی الرّؤوفُ الكَريمُ الرّحيمُ*

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [2] BH01026 (Confidence: 75%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[264] Prayer UUID: ht-15

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[265] Prayer UUID: ht-9

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[266] Prayer UUID: lb-2

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=70)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________


═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
LANGUAGE: FY
═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[267] Prayer UUID: 17b0975d7e7b

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (37 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [2] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [3] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [4] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [5] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [6] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [7] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [8] BH05768 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I venture to make mention of Thee, I am held back by my mighty sins and grievous trespasses against Thee, and find myself wholly deprived of Thy grace, and utterly powerless to celebrate Thy praise.  My great confidence in Thy bounty, however, reviveth my hope in Thee, and my certitude that Thou wilt bountifully deal with me emboldeneth me to extol Thee, and to ask of Thee the things Thou dost possess.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds!

  [9] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [10] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [11] BH08604 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O Thou Whose nearness is my wish, Whose presence is my hope, Whose remembrance is my desire, Whose court of glory is my goal, Whose abode is my aim, Whose name is my healing, Whose love is the radiance of my heart, Whose service is my highest aspiration!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou hast enabled them that have recognized Thee to soar to the sublimest heights of the knowledge of Thee and empowered such as devoutly worship Thee to ascend into the precincts of the court of Thy holy favors, to aid me to turn my face towards Thy face, to fix mine eyes upon Thee, and to speak of Thy glory.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the God of Power, the Help in Peril, the All-Glorious, the Almighty.

  [12] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [13] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [14] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [15] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [16] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [17] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [18] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [19] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [20] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [21] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [22] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [23] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [24] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [25] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [26] AB00431PIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Lord!  Pitiful are we, grant us Thy favor; poor, bestow upon us a share from the ocean of Thy wealth;needy, do Thou satisfy us; abased, give us Thy glory.  The fowls of the air and the beasts of the field receive their meat each day from Thee and all beings partake of Thy care and loving kindness.
      Last:  Give us our daily bread and grant Thine increase in the necessities of life, that we may be dependent on none other than Thee, may commune wholly with Thee, may walk in Thy ways and declare Thy mysteries. Thou art the Almighty and the Loving and the Provider of all mankind.

  [27] BH03109KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: He is God, exalted is He, the Lord of loving-kindness and bounty!
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Single, the Powerful, the Omniscient, the Bountiful.

  [28] AB02326 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  O Lord, my God! Lowly are these servants of Thine, exalt them in Thy kingdom on high; feeble, strengthen them by Thy supreme power; abased, bestow upon them Thy glory in Thine all-highest realm; poor, enrich them in Thy great dominion. Do Thou then ordain for them all the good Thou hast destined in Thy worlds, visible and invisible, prosper them in this world below, gladden their hearts with Thine inspiration, O Lord of all beings! Illumine their hearts with Thy joyful tidings diffused from Thine all-glorious Station, make firm their steps in Thy Most-Great Covenant and strengthen their loins in Thy firm Testament, by Thy bounty and promised grace, O Gracious and Merciful One! Thou art, verily, the Gracious, the All-Bountiful.

  [29] BH07426FOO (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O my Lord!  Make Thy beauty to be my food, and Thy presence my drink, and Thy pleasure my hope, and praise of Thee my action, and remembrance of Thee my companion, and the power of Thy sovereignty my succorer, and Thy habitation my home, and my dwelling-place the seat Thou hast sanctified from the limitations imposed upon them who are shut out as by a veil from Thee.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Powerful.

  [30] BB00002ENA (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O Lord!  Enable all the peoples of the earth to gain admittance into the Paradise of Thy Faith, so that no created being may remain beyond the bounds of Thy good-pleasure.
      Last:  From time immemorial Thou hast been potent to do what pleaseth Thee and transcendent above whatsoever Thou desirest.

  [31] ABU0070GAT (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These are Thy servants who have gathered in this meeting, have turned unto Thy kingdom and are in need of Thy bestowal and blessing. O Thou God! Manifest and make evident the signs of Thy oneness which have been deposited in all the realities of life. Reveal and unfold the virtues which Thou hast made latent and concealed in these human realities.
      Last:  Thou art mighty. Thou art powerful. Thou art the Giver, and Thou art the Ever-Bounteous.

  [32] BB00630 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O Lord!  Thou art the Remover of every anguish and the Dispeller of every affliction.  Thou art He Who banisheth every sorrow and setteth free every slave, the Redeemer of every soul.  O Lord!  Grant deliverance through Thy mercy, and reckon me among such servants of Thine as have gained salvation.

  [33] BH08264 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  Thou hearest Thine ardent lovers lamenting in their separation from Thee, and such as have recognized Thee wailing because of their remoteness from Thy presence.  Open Thou outwardly to their faces, O my Lord, the gates of Thy grace, that they may enter them by Thy leave and in conformity with Thy will, and may stand before the throne of Thy majesty, and catch the accents of Thy voice, and be illumined with the splendors of the light of Thy face.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [34] BH08852 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  One of Thy handmaidens, who hath believed in Thee and in Thy signs, hath entered beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness.  Give her to quaff, O my God, by Thy Name, the Manifest and the Hidden, of Thy choice sealed Wine that it may take her away from her own self, and make her to be entirely devoted to Thy remembrance, and wholly detached from any one beside Thee.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, the God of knowledge and wisdom.

  [35] BH09960 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  Thou art He Whom all things worship and Who worshipeth no one, Who is the Lord of all things and is the vassal of none, Who knoweth all things and is known of none. Thou didst wish to make Thyself known unto men; therefore, Thou didst, through a word of Thy mouth, bring creation into being and fashion the universe.  There is none other God except Thee, the Fashioner, the Creator, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.
      Last:  Thou art the God of power, of glory and bounty.  No God is there beside Thee, the Supreme Ruler, the All-Glorious, the Omniscient.

  [36] BB00374 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Vouchsafe unto me, O my God, the full measure of Thy love and Thy good-pleasure, and through the attractions of Thy resplendent light enrapture our hearts, O Thou Who art the Supreme Evidence and the All-Glorified.  Send down upon me, as a token of Thy grace, Thy vitalizing breezes, throughout the daytime and in the night season, O Lord of bounty.
      Last:  Indeed shouldst Thou desire to confer blessing upon a servant Thou wouldst blot out from the realm of his heart every mention or disposition except Thine Own mention; and shouldst Thou ordain evil for a servant by reason of that which his hands have unjustly wrought before Thy face, Thou wouldst test him with the benefits of this world and of the next that he might become preoccupied therewith and forget Thy remembrance.

  [37] AB11281 (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord! This a lamp lighted by the fire of Thy love and ablaze with the flame which is ignited in the tree of Thy mercy. O my Lord! Increase his enkindlement, heat and flame, with the fire which is kindled in the Sinai of Thy Manifestation. Verily, Thou art the Confirmer, the Assister, the Powerful, the Generous, the Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[268] Prayer UUID: a3d2625a-d35c-4421-afad-fdb79684d8a4

FULL TEXT (fy):
## Tafel Fan Ahmad

"Dizze deistige ferplichte gebedens mei inkelde spesjale, lykas it Genêzingsgebed en de Tafel van Ahmad hat Bahá'u'lláh in bysûndere krêft en betsjutting jûn en dy moatte dêrom sa oannommen wurde. De leauwenden moatte dy gebedens sizze mei folslein leauwe en betrouwen, dat hja hjirtroch komme meie ta in neiere omgong mei God en harren hieltyd mear indentifisearje sille mei Syn wetten en foarskriften."

Út in brief, dy't skreaun is út namme fan Shogi Effendi, sjoch: Bahá'í News, septimber 1951.

Hy is de Kening, de Alwittende, de Wize!
Sjoch, de Geal fan it Paradys sjongt op de twigen fan de Beam fan Ivichheid mei hillige en leaflike meldij. Hy ferkundiget oan de oprjochten de blide tynge fan de neite fan God, ropt de leauwenden yn de godlike Ienheid op ta it hôf fan de Oanwêzigens fan de Grutmoedige, lit de ûnthechten it boadskip witte dat iepenbiere is troch God, de Kening, de Gloarje-rike, de Bûtenwenstige, en liedt de leafsten ta de sit fan hillichheid en ta dizze strieljende Skientme.
Wierliken, dit is dy grutste Skientme, foarsein yn de Boeken fan de Boadskippers, troch Wa't wierheid
ûnderskieden wurde sil fan dwaling en de wiisheid fan elk gebod hifke wurde sil. Wierliken, Hy is de Beam fan it Libben dy't de fruchten jout fan God, de Ferhevene, de Machtige, de Grutte.
O Ahmad! Tsjûgje dat Hy, wierliken, God is en der gjin God is bûten Him, de Kening, de Beskermer, de Bûtenwenstige, de Almachtige. En dat Dejinge Dy't Hy útstjoerd hat ûnder de namme 'Ali ( de Báb ) wierlik fan God kaam, nei Waans geboaden wy ús allegearre foegje.
Sis: O folk, wês hearrich oan de foarskriften fan God, dy't oplein binne yn de Bayán troch de Gloarjerike, de Wize. Wierliken, Hy is de Kening fan de Boadskippers en Syn Boek is it Memmeboek - witsto it mar.
Sa lit út dizze finzenis de Geal dy Syn rop hearre. Hy hat inkeld dit klear boadskip te bringen. Al wa't dit winsket lit dy him ôfkeare fan dizze ried en al wa't dit winsket lit dy de wei kieze nei syn Hear.
O minsken, as jimme dizze fersen fersaakje, troch hokker bewiis hawwe jimme yn God leaud? Lit it sjen, o jimme trouweleazen.
Nee, by Him yn Waans hân myn siel is, hja binne net en sille nea by steat wêze, dit te dwaan, sels net al soene hja harren ferbine om elkoar te helpen.
O Ahmad! Ferjit Myn woldieden net wylst Ik ôfwêzich bin. Betink Myn dagen yn dyn dagen en Myn smert en ferbanning yn dizze efterôf finzenis. En wês sa stânfêstich yn Myn leafde, dat dyn hert net wifelje sil, sels as de swurden fan de fijannen slaggen op dy del reine litte en al de himelen en de ierde tsjin dy opstean.
Wês as in fjoergloede foar Myn fijannen en in rivier fan ivich libben foar Myn leafsten en hear net ta dejingen dy't twifelje.
En asto oerfallen wurdst troch besikingen op Myn paad of fernederingen foar Myn saak, sit dêr net oer yn.
Fertrou op God, dyn God en de Hear fan dyn foarfaars. Want de minsken geane dwaalwegen, berôve fan it ûnderskiedingsfermogen om God mei eigen eagen te sjen of mei eigen earen Syn meldij te hearren. Sa fûnen Wy harren, lykasto ek tsjûgest. Sa waard harren byleauwe in wale tusken harren en harren eigen herte en hâlde harren ôf fan it paad fan God, de Ferhevene, de Grutte.
Wês der yn dysels wis fan dat wierliken hy dy't him fan dizze Skientme ôfkeart, him ek fan de Boadskippers yn it ferline ôfkeard hat en fan ivichheid oant ivichheid fol heechmoed is foar God oer.
Lear dizze Tafel goed, o Ahmad. Sis har yn dyn dagen en ûntwyn dy der net oan. Want wierliken, God ornearre foar dejinge dy't har seit de beleanning fan hûndert en ien martlers en tsjinstberens yn beide wrâlden. Dizze geunsten hawwe Wy dy skonken as in woldied fan Us kant en in genede fan Us oanwêzigens.
datsto hearst ta harren dy't tankber binne.
By God! Lêst immen dy't yn smert of kommer is, yn folsleine oprjochtens dizze Tafel, dan sil God syn fertriet ferdriuwe, syn swierrichheden oplosse en syn besikingen weinimme.
Wierliken, Hy is de Genedige, de Meilydsume. Eare oan God, de Hear fan alle wrâlden.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (7 options):

  [1] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [2] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [3] BH00987 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: Long Obligatory Prayer
      First: * Whoso wisheth to recite this prayer, let him stand up and turn unto God, and, as he standeth in his place, let him gaze to the right and to the left, as if awaiting the mercy of his Lord, the Most Merciful, the Compassionate. Then let him say:
      Last:  *"The daily obligatory prayers are three in number. ... The believer is entirely free to choose any one of these three prayers, but is under the obligation of reciting either one of them, and in accordance with any specific directions with which they may be accompanied." - from a letter written on behalf of Shoghi Effendi "By 'morning,' 'noon' and 'evening,' mentioned in connection with the Obligatory Prayers, is meant respectively the intervals between sunrise and noon, between noon and sunset, and from sunset till two hours after sunset." - Synopsis and Codification of the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, p. 36

  [4] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [5] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [6] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [7] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[269] Prayer UUID: b1a26fbc-6c32-41ff-8bc0-d96cc94131c3

FULL TEXT (fy):
O myn God! Dit is Jins tsjinneres en de dochter fan Jins tsjinneres, dy't yn Jo en yn Jins tekens leauwt en dy't har antlit nei Jo takeard hat, folslein frij fan alles bûten Jo. Jo binne wierliken fan al dyjingen dy't erbarming toane de barmhertichste.
Doch mei har, o Jo Dy't de sûnden fan de minsken ferjout en Dy't harren lekken en brekken net acht slacht, nei't it de himel fan Jins lankmoedigens en de oseaan fan Jins genede past. Nim har op yn it ryk fan Jins genede, dy't alles te boppe giet en dy't al foar de skepping fan himel en ierde bestie.
Der is gjin God as Jo, de Jimmeroan-Ferjaande, de Grutmoedichste.

Alláh'u'Abhá.
Wierliken, wy allegearre bidde God oan. (19 x)
Alláh'u'Abhá.
Wierliken, wy allegearre bûge ús foar God. (19 x)
Alláh'u'Abhá.
Wierliken, wy allegearre hawwe ús oan God wijd. (19 x)
Alláh'u'Abhá.
Wierliken, wy allegearre loovje God. (19 x)
Alláh'u'Abhá.
Wierliken, wy allegearre tankje God. (19 x)
Alláh'u'Abhá.
Wierliken, wy allegearre binne geduldich yn God. (19 x)

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=56)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] BB00617 (Confidence: %!d(float64=56)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I beg Thee to forgive me, O my Lord, for every mention but the mention of Thee, and for every praise but the praise of Thee, and for every delight but delight in Thy nearness, and for every pleasure but the pleasure of communion with Thee, and for every joy but the joy of Thy love and of Thy good-pleasure, and for all things pertaining unto me which bear no relationship unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of lords, He Who provideth the means and unlocketh the doors.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[270] Prayer UUID: d9ac2c6a-bc7a-4247-8675-cc718960f502

FULL TEXT (fy):
O Asaina! Na’fanma’lak este na hoben, yan na’i ni’ guinaha-Mu este na popblen prohimu. Na’i gue’ tiningo, na’i gue’ kada ogga’an mas minetgot ya Un pulan gi papa’ i liheng i proteksion-Mu kosa ki u libre gi linachi, u na’facho’cho’ gue’ gi i setbisio-Mu, giha mo’na i manlalachi, ayuda i mandimalas, na’libre i manmapopongle yan na’fanmakmata i ti manmanatetende, kosaki todu u fambinendisi ni’ mimorias-Mu yan i matuna-Mu. Hagu i Metgot yan Gainina’siña.

O Lord! Make this youth radiant, and confer Thy bounty upon this poor creature. Bestow upon him knowledge, grant him added strength at the break of every morn and guard him within the shelter of Thy protection so that he may be freed from error, may devote himself to the service of Thy Cause, may guide the wayward, lead the hapless, free the captives and awaken the heedless, that all may be blessed with Thy remembrance and praise. Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10703RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O Lord! Make this youth radiant and confer Thy bounty upon this poor creature. Bestow upon him knowledge, grant him added strength at the break of every morn and guard him within the shelter of Thy protection so that he may be freed from error, may devote himself to the service of Thy Cause, may guide the wayward, lead the hapless, free the captives and awaken the heedless, that all may be blessed with Thy remembrance and praise. Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[271] Prayer UUID: fbce7d414730

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB03017CAL (Confidence: %!d(float64=68)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O God, my God! This Thy handmaid is calling upon Thee, trusting in Thee, turning her face unto Thee, imploring Thee to shed thy heavenly bounties upon her, and to disclose unto her Thy spiritual mysteries, and to cast upon her the lights of Thy Godhead.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Ever-Bestowing, the Open of Hand.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________


═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
LANGUAGE: HAW
═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[272] Prayer UUID: 

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (101 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [2] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [3] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [4] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

  [5] BB00617 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I beg Thee to forgive me, O my Lord, for every mention but the mention of Thee, and for every praise but the praise of Thee, and for every delight but delight in Thy nearness, and for every pleasure but the pleasure of communion with Thee, and for every joy but the joy of Thy love and of Thy good-pleasure, and for all things pertaining unto me which bear no relationship unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of lords, He Who provideth the means and unlocketh the doors.

  [6] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [7] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [8] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [9] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [10] BHU0004SUF (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God is sufficient unto me; He verily is the All-sufficing! In Him let the trusting trust.

  [11] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [12] AB09794CHI (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  I am a child; enable me to grow beneath the shadow of Thy loving-kindness.  I am a tender plant; cause me to be nurtured through the outpourings of the clouds of Thy bounty.  I am a sapling of the garden of love; make me into a fruitful tree.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Loving, the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

  [13] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [14] BH05768 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I venture to make mention of Thee, I am held back by my mighty sins and grievous trespasses against Thee, and find myself wholly deprived of Thy grace, and utterly powerless to celebrate Thy praise.  My great confidence in Thy bounty, however, reviveth my hope in Thee, and my certitude that Thou wilt bountifully deal with me emboldeneth me to extol Thee, and to ask of Thee the things Thou dost possess.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds!

  [15] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [16] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [17] BH00987 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: Long Obligatory Prayer
      First: * Whoso wisheth to recite this prayer, let him stand up and turn unto God, and, as he standeth in his place, let him gaze to the right and to the left, as if awaiting the mercy of his Lord, the Most Merciful, the Compassionate. Then let him say:
      Last:  *"The daily obligatory prayers are three in number. ... The believer is entirely free to choose any one of these three prayers, but is under the obligation of reciting either one of them, and in accordance with any specific directions with which they may be accompanied." - from a letter written on behalf of Shoghi Effendi "By 'morning,' 'noon' and 'evening,' mentioned in connection with the Obligatory Prayers, is meant respectively the intervals between sunrise and noon, between noon and sunset, and from sunset till two hours after sunset." - Synopsis and Codification of the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, p. 36

  [18] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [19] BH08604 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Whose nearness is my wish, Whose presence is my hope, Whose remembrance is my desire, Whose court of glory is my goal, Whose abode is my aim, Whose name is my healing, Whose love is the radiance of my heart, Whose service is my highest aspiration!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou hast enabled them that have recognized Thee to soar to the sublimest heights of the knowledge of Thee and empowered such as devoutly worship Thee to ascend into the precincts of the court of Thy holy favors, to aid me to turn my face towards Thy face, to fix mine eyes upon Thee, and to speak of Thy glory.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the God of Power, the Help in Peril, the All-Glorious, the Almighty.

  [20] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [21] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [22] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [23] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [24] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [25] AB10703RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord! Make this youth radiant and confer Thy bounty upon this poor creature. Bestow upon him knowledge, grant him added strength at the break of every morn and guard him within the shelter of Thy protection so that he may be freed from error, may devote himself to the service of Thy Cause, may guide the wayward, lead the hapless, free the captives and awaken the heedless, that all may be blessed with Thy remembrance and praise. Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

  [26] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [27] BH03470 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: O God, guide me
      First: O God, guide me, protect me, make of me a shining lamp and a brilliant star.  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

  [28] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [29] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [30] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [31] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [32] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [33] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [34] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [35] BH04421HEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Create in me a pure heart, O my God, and renew a tranquil conscience within me, O my Hope!  Through the spirit of power confirm Thou me in Thy Cause, O my Best-Beloved, and by the light of Thy glory reveal unto me Thy path, O Thou the Goal of my desire!  Through the power of Thy transcendent might lift me up unto the heaven of Thy holiness, O Source of my being, and by the breezes of Thine eternity gladden me, O Thou Who art my God!  Let Thine everlasting melodies breathe tranquillity on me, O my Companion, and let the riches of Thine ancient countenance deliver me from all except Thee, O my Master, and let the tidings of the revelation of Thine incorruptible Essence bring me joy, O Thou Who art the most manifest of the manifest and the most hidden of the hidden!

  [36] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [37] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [38] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [39] BH07426FOO (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord!  Make Thy beauty to be my food, and Thy presence my drink, and Thy pleasure my hope, and praise of Thee my action, and remembrance of Thee my companion, and the power of Thy sovereignty my succorer, and Thy habitation my home, and my dwelling-place the seat Thou hast sanctified from the limitations imposed upon them who are shut out as by a veil from Thee.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Powerful.

  [40] BB00002ENA (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Enable all the peoples of the earth to gain admittance into the Paradise of Thy Faith, so that no created being may remain beyond the bounds of Thy good-pleasure.
      Last:  From time immemorial Thou hast been potent to do what pleaseth Thee and transcendent above whatsoever Thou desirest.

  [41] ABU0070GAT (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These are Thy servants who have gathered in this meeting, have turned unto Thy kingdom and are in need of Thy bestowal and blessing. O Thou God! Manifest and make evident the signs of Thy oneness which have been deposited in all the realities of life. Reveal and unfold the virtues which Thou hast made latent and concealed in these human realities.
      Last:  Thou art mighty. Thou art powerful. Thou art the Giver, and Thou art the Ever-Bounteous.

  [42] BB00630 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Thou art the Remover of every anguish and the Dispeller of every affliction.  Thou art He Who banisheth every sorrow and setteth free every slave, the Redeemer of every soul.  O Lord!  Grant deliverance through Thy mercy, and reckon me among such servants of Thine as have gained salvation.

  [43] BH08264 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  Thou hearest Thine ardent lovers lamenting in their separation from Thee, and such as have recognized Thee wailing because of their remoteness from Thy presence.  Open Thou outwardly to their faces, O my Lord, the gates of Thy grace, that they may enter them by Thy leave and in conformity with Thy will, and may stand before the throne of Thy majesty, and catch the accents of Thy voice, and be illumined with the splendors of the light of Thy face.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [44] BH08852 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  One of Thy handmaidens, who hath believed in Thee and in Thy signs, hath entered beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness.  Give her to quaff, O my God, by Thy Name, the Manifest and the Hidden, of Thy choice sealed Wine that it may take her away from her own self, and make her to be entirely devoted to Thy remembrance, and wholly detached from any one beside Thee.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, the God of knowledge and wisdom.

  [45] BH09960 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  Thou art He Whom all things worship and Who worshipeth no one, Who is the Lord of all things and is the vassal of none, Who knoweth all things and is known of none. Thou didst wish to make Thyself known unto men; therefore, Thou didst, through a word of Thy mouth, bring creation into being and fashion the universe.  There is none other God except Thee, the Fashioner, the Creator, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.
      Last:  Thou art the God of power, of glory and bounty.  No God is there beside Thee, the Supreme Ruler, the All-Glorious, the Omniscient.

  [46] BB00374 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Vouchsafe unto me, O my God, the full measure of Thy love and Thy good-pleasure, and through the attractions of Thy resplendent light enrapture our hearts, O Thou Who art the Supreme Evidence and the All-Glorified.  Send down upon me, as a token of Thy grace, Thy vitalizing breezes, throughout the daytime and in the night season, O Lord of bounty.
      Last:  Indeed shouldst Thou desire to confer blessing upon a servant Thou wouldst blot out from the realm of his heart every mention or disposition except Thine Own mention; and shouldst Thou ordain evil for a servant by reason of that which his hands have unjustly wrought before Thy face, Thou wouldst test him with the benefits of this world and of the next that he might become preoccupied therewith and forget Thy remembrance.

  [47] AB03017CAL (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! This Thy handmaid is calling upon Thee, trusting in Thee, turning her face unto Thee, imploring Thee to shed thy heavenly bounties upon her, and to disclose unto her Thy spiritual mysteries, and to cast upon her the lights of Thy Godhead.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Ever-Bestowing, the Open of Hand.

  [48] AB11281 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord! This a lamp lighted by the fire of Thy love and ablaze with the flame which is ignited in the tree of Thy mercy. O my Lord! Increase his enkindlement, heat and flame, with the fire which is kindled in the Sinai of Thy Manifestation. Verily, Thou art the Confirmer, the Assister, the Powerful, the Generous, the Loving.

  [49] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [50] AB00431PIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lord!  Pitiful are we, grant us Thy favor; poor, bestow upon us a share from the ocean of Thy wealth;needy, do Thou satisfy us; abased, give us Thy glory.  The fowls of the air and the beasts of the field receive their meat each day from Thee and all beings partake of Thy care and loving kindness.
      Last:  Give us our daily bread and grant Thine increase in the necessities of life, that we may be dependent on none other than Thee, may commune wholly with Thee, may walk in Thy ways and declare Thy mysteries. Thou art the Almighty and the Loving and the Provider of all mankind.

  [51] BH03109KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God, exalted is He, the Lord of loving-kindness and bounty!
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Single, the Powerful, the Omniscient, the Bountiful.

  [52] AB02326 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  O Lord, my God! Lowly are these servants of Thine, exalt them in Thy kingdom on high; feeble, strengthen them by Thy supreme power; abased, bestow upon them Thy glory in Thine all-highest realm; poor, enrich them in Thy great dominion. Do Thou then ordain for them all the good Thou hast destined in Thy worlds, visible and invisible, prosper them in this world below, gladden their hearts with Thine inspiration, O Lord of all beings! Illumine their hearts with Thy joyful tidings diffused from Thine all-glorious Station, make firm their steps in Thy Most-Great Covenant and strengthen their loins in Thy firm Testament, by Thy bounty and promised grace, O Gracious and Merciful One! Thou art, verily, the Gracious, the All-Bountiful.

  [53] AB11356 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou peerless Lord!  Let this suckling babe be nursed from the breast of Thy loving-kindness, guard it within the cradle of Thy safety and protection and grant that it be reared in the arms of Thy tender affection.

  [54] AB00073SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! We are servants of Thy Threshold, taking shelter at Thy holy Door. We seek no refuge save only this strong pillar, turn nowhere for a haven but unto Thy safekeeping. Protect us, bless us, support us, make us such that we shall love but Thy good pleasure, utter only Thy praise, follow only the pathway of truth, that we may become rich enough to dispense with all save Thee, and receive our gifts from the sea of Thy beneficence, that we may ever strive to exalt Thy Cause and to spread Thy sweet savors far and wide, that we may become oblivious of self and occupied only with Thee, and disown all else and be caught up in Thee.
      Last:  O Thou Provider, O Thou Forgiver! Grant us Thy grace and loving-kindness, Thy gifts and Thy bestowals, and sustain us, that we may attain our goal. Thou art the Powerful, the Able, the Knower, the Seer; and, verily, Thou art the Generous, and, verily, Thou art the All-Merciful, and, verily, Thou art the Ever-Forgiving, He to Whom repentance is due, He Who forgiveth even the most grievous of sins.

  [55] BH00662FLO (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! I ask Thee, by Thy most glorious Name, to aid me in that which will cause the affairs of Thy servants to prosper, and Thy cities to flourish. Thou, indeed, hast power over all things!
      Last:  * Summons of the Lord of Hosts, p. 90.

  [56] ABU0188TUR (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! O my God! Verily, these servants are turning to Thee, supplicating Thy kingdom of mercy. Verily, they are attracted by Thy holiness and set aglow with the fire of Thy love, seeking confirmation from Thy wondrous kingdom, and hoping for attainment in Thy heavenly realm. Verily, they long for the descent of Thy bestowal, desiring illumination from the Sun of Reality. O Lord! Make them radiant lamps, merciful signs, fruitful trees and shining stars. May they come forth in Thy service and be connected with Thee by the bonds and ties of Thy love, longing for the lights of Thy favor. O Lord! Make them signs of guidance, standards of Thine immortal kingdom, waves of the sea of Thy mercy, mirrors of the light of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous. Verily, Thou art the Merciful. Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Beloved.

  [57] BB00004REN (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord, Thou Who hast brought into being all created things, through the power of Thy behest.
      Last:  Grant Thou, O Lord, that their hearts may, through allegiance to this, Thine inviolable Faith, grow stronger than anything else in the heavens and on earth and in whatsoever is between them; and strengthen, O Lord, their hands with the tokens of Thy wondrous power that they may manifest Thy power before the gaze of all mankind.

  [58] AB07124 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Who art generous and merciful! We are servants of Thy threshold and are gathered beneath the sheltering shadow of Thy divine unity. The sun of Thy mercy is shining upon all, and the clouds of Thy bounty shower upon all. Thy gifts encompass all, Thy loving providence sustains all, Thy protection overshadows all, and the glances of Thy favor are cast upon all. O Lord! Grant Thine infinite bestowals, and let the light of Thy guidance shine. Illumine the eyes, gladden the hearts with abiding joy. Confer a new spirit upon all people and bestow upon them eternal life. Unlock the gates of true understanding and let the light of faith shine resplendent. Gather all people beneath the shadow of Thy bounty and cause them to unite in harmony, so that they may become as the rays of one sun, as the waves of one ocean, and as the fruit of one tree. May they drink from the same fountain. May they be refreshed by the same breeze. May they receive illumination from the same source of light. Thou art the Giver, the Merciful, the Omnipotent.

  [59] BH07105 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee, by Thy Most Great Name through which Thou didst stir up Thy servants and build up Thy cities, and by Thy most excellent titles, and Thy most august attributes, to assist Thy people to turn in the direction of Thy manifold bounties, and set their faces towards the Tabernacle of Thy wisdom.  Heal Thou the sicknesses that have assailed the souls on every side, and have deterred them from directing their gaze towards the Paradise that lieth in the shelter of Thy shadowing Name, which Thou didst ordain to be the King of all names unto all who are in heaven and all who are on earth.  Potent art Thou to do as pleaseth Thee.  In Thy hands is the empire of all names.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Wise.
      Last:  Thou art truly the Lord of this life and of the next.  Thou art, in truth, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

  [60] AB11605 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!  O God, my God!  Bestow upon me a pure heart, like unto a pearl.

  [61] AB04980HOP (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Thou art my Hope and my Beloved, my highest Aim and Desire!  With great humbleness and entire devotion I pray to Thee to make me a minaret of Thy love in Thy land, a lamp of Thy knowledge among Thy creatures, and a banner of divine bounty in Thy dominion.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the All-Powerful.

  [62] BB00147GRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Provide for the speedy growth of the Tree of Thy divine Unity; water it then, O Lord, with the flowing waters of Thy good-pleasure, and cause it, before the revelations of Thy divine assurance, to yield such fruits as Thou desirest for Thy glorification and exaltation, Thy praise and thanksgiving, and to magnify Thy Name, to laud the oneness of Thine Essence and to offer adoration unto Thee, inasmuch as all this lieth within Thy grasp and in that of none other.
      Last:  Great is the blessedness of those whose blood Thou hast chosen wherewith to water the Tree of Thine affirmation, and thus to exalt Thy holy and immutable Word.

  [63] BH07663 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O Lord my God! Behold Thou mine eye expectant to gaze on the wonders of Thy mercy, and mine ear longing to hearken unto Thy sweet melodies, and my heart yearning for the living waters of Thy knowledge. Thou seest Thy handmaiden, O my God, standing before the habitation of Thy mercy, and calling upon Thee by Thy name which Thou hast chosen above all other names and set up over all that are in heaven and on earth. Send down upon her the breaths of Thy mercy, that she may be carried away wholly from herself, and be drawn entirely towards the seat which, resplendent with the glory of Thy face, sheddeth afar the radiance of Thy sovereignty, and is established as Thy throne. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there beside Thee, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

  [64] BB00018ANG (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  There is no one but Thee to allay the anguish of my soul, and Thou art my highest aspiration, O my God.  My heart is wedded to none save Thee and such as Thou dost love.  I solemnly declare that my life and death are both for Thee.  Verily Thou art incomparable and hast no partner.
      Last:  O my God!  I beseech Thee by the evidences of Thy favor, to let me draw nigh to the sublime heights of Thy holy presence, and protect me from inclining myself toward the subtle allusions of aught else but Thee.  Guide my steps, O my God, unto that which is acceptable and pleasing to Thee.  Shield me, through Thy might, from the fury of Thy wrath and chastisement, and hold me back from entering habitations not desired by Thee.

  [65] BH10231 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how the wrongs committed by such of Thy creatures as have turned their backs to Thee have come in between Him in Whom Thy Godhead is manifest and Thy servants.  Send down upon them, O my Lord, what will cause them to be busied with each others' concerns.  Let, then, their violence be confined to their own selves, that the land and they that dwell therein may find peace.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [66] BH05543 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I give Thee thanks inasmuch as Thou hast called me into being in Thy days, and infused into me Thy love and Thy knowledge.  I beseech Thee, by Thy name whereby the goodly pearls of Thy wisdom and Thine utterance were brought forth out of the treasuries of the hearts of such of Thy servants as are nigh unto Thee, and through which the Daystar of Thy name, the Compassionate, hath shed its radiance upon all that are in Thy heaven and on Thy earth, to supply me, by Thy grace and bounty, with Thy wondrous and hidden bounties.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds.

  [67] AB03461MAR (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Bahá’í marriage is union and cordial affection between the two parties.  They must, however, exercise the utmost care and become acquainted with each other's character.  This eternal bond should be made secure by a firm covenant, and the intention should be to foster harmony, fellowship and unity and to attain everlasting life.” —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  “We will, all, verily, abide by the Will of God.”

  [68] BH09809 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how Thy loved ones have been encompassed by the rebellious amongst Thy creatures and the wicked amidst Thy people.  No land remaineth but the lamentation of Thy lovers and the wailing of Thy chosen ones were lifted up therein.  I beseech Thee by Thy Most Great Name to draw forth the hand of power from the bosom of Thy might and to assist therewith all them that love Thee.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Informed.

  [69] AB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God!  Grant Thy favour, and bestow Thy blessing.  Vouchsafe Thy grace, and give a portion of Thy bounty.  Enable these men to witness during this year the fulfilment of their hopes.
      Last:  Send down Thy heavenly rain, and provide Thy plenteousness and abundance.  Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty.

  [70] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

  [71] BB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [72] BH00009GRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I have risen this morning by Thy grace, O my God, and left my home trusting wholly in Thee, and committing myself to Thy care.  Send down, then, upon me, out of the heaven of Thy mercy, a blessing from Thy side, and enable me to return home in safety even as Thou didst enable me to set out under Thy protection with my thoughts fixed steadfastly upon Thee.
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Incomparable, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [73] AB07155WOM (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: My Lord! My Lord! I praise Thee and I thank Thee for that whereby Thou hast favored Thine humble maidservant, Thy slave beseeching and supplicating Thee, because Thou hast verily guided her unto Thine obvious Kingdom and caused her to hear thine exalted Call in the contingent world and to behold thy Signs which prove the appearance of Thy victorious reign over all things.
      Last:  O my Lord, I dedicate that which is in my womb unto Thee. Then cause it to be a praiseworthy child in Thy Kingdom and a fortunate one by Thy favor and Thy generosity; to develop and to grow up under the charge of Thine education. Verily, Thou art the Gracious! Verily, Thou art the Lord of Great Favor!

  [74] BB00147ORD (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Ordain for me, O my Lord, and for those who believe in Thee that which is deemed best for us in Thine estimation, as set forth in the Mother Book, for within the grasp of Thy hand Thou holdest the determined measures of all things.
      Last:  There is no power nor strength except in God, the Most Exalted, the Most Mighty.

  [75] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

  [76] BH08824 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified, O Lord my God, be Thy Name, whereby the trees of the garden of Thy Revelation have been clad with verdure, and been made to yield the fruits of holiness during this Springtime when the sweet savors of Thy favors and blessings have been wafted over all things, and caused them to bring forth whatsoever had been preordained for them in the Kingdom of Thine irrevocable decree and the Heaven of Thine immutable purpose. I beseech Thee by this very Name not to suffer me to be far from the court of Thy holiness, nor debarred from the exalted sanctuary of Thy unity and oneness.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XCVI

  [77] AB00156LOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest me, O my God, bowed down in lowliness, humbling myself before Thy commandments, submitting to Thy sovereignty, trembling at the might of Thy dominion, fleeing from Thy wrath, entreating Thy grace, relying upon Thy forgiveness, shaking with awe at Thy fury.  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart, with streaming tears and a yearning soul, and in complete detachment from all things, to make Thy lovers as rays of light across Thy realms, and to aid Thy chosen servants to exalt Thy Word, that their faces may turn beauteous and bright with splendor, that their hearts may be filled with mysteries, and that every soul may lay down its burden of sin.  Guard them then from the aggressor, from him who hath become a shameless and blasphemous doer of wrong.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art He of abounding grace.  There is none other God save Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Ever-Bestowing.

  [78] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [79] BH00593 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God our Lord!  Protect us through Thy grace from whatsoever may be repugnant unto Thee, and vouchsafe unto us that which well beseemeth Thee.  Give us more out of Thy bounty, and bless us.  Pardon us for the things we have done, and wash away our sins, and forgive us with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Most Exalted, the Self-Subsisting.
      Last:  Thou art the Sovereign Ruler, the Mighty Doer, the Exalted, the All-Loving.

  [80] BH09404 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified art Thou, O Lord of the entire creation, the One unto Whom all things must turn.  With my inner and outer tongues I bear witness that thou hast manifested and revealed Thyself, sent down Thy signs, and proclaimed Thy testimonies.  I testify to Thy self-sufficiency from aught else except Thee, and Thy sanctity above all earthly things.  I entreat Thee by the transcendent glory of Thy Cause and the supreme potency of Thy Word to grant confirmation unto him who desireth to offer what Thou hast prescribed unto him in Thy Book and to observe that which will shed forth the fragrance of Thine acceptance.  Verily Thou art the All-Mighty, the All-Gracious, the All-Forgiving, the All-Generous.

  [81] BB00015SUF (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Say: God sufficeth all things above all things, and nothing in the heavens or in the earth but God sufficeth.  Verily, He is in Himself the Knower, the Sustainer, the Omnipotent.

  [82] BH02848 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God and my Master!  I am Thy servant and the son of Thy servant. I have risen from my couch at this dawntide when the Daystar of Thy oneness hath shone forth from the Dayspring of Thy will, and hath shed its radiance upon the whole world, according to what had been ordained in the Books of Thy Decree.
      Last:  Thou art, truly, the Lord and King of all men, and art potent over all things.

  [83] BH03629GRI (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Dispel my grief by Thy bounty and Thy generosity, O God, my God, and banish mine anguish through Thy sovereignty and Thy might.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face set towards Thee at a time when sorrows have compassed me on every side.  I implore Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all being, and overshadowest all things visible and invisible, by Thy Name whereby Thou hast subdued the hearts and the souls of men, and by the billows of the Ocean of Thy mercy and the splendors of the Daystar of Thy bounty, to number me with them whom nothing whatsoever hath deterred from setting their faces toward Thee, O Thou Lord of all names and Maker of the heavens!
      Last:  And, finally, I beg of Thee by the light of Thy countenance to bless my affairs, and redeem my debts, and satisfy my needs.  Thou art He to Whose power and to Whose dominion every tongue hath testified, and Whose majesty and Whose sovereignty every understanding heart hath acknowledged.  No God is there but Thee, Who hearest and art ready to answer.

  [84] BH07683 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O King of eternity, and the Maker of nations, and the Fashioner of every moldering bone!  I pray Thee, by Thy Name through which Thou didst call all mankind unto the horizon of Thy majesty and glory, and didst guide Thy servants to the court of Thy grace and favors, to number me with such as have rid themselves from everything except Thyself, and have set themselves towards Thee, and have not been kept back by such misfortunes as were decreed by Thee, from turning in the direction of Thy gifts.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

  [85] BH00634 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be unto Thee, O Lord.  Forgive us our sins, have mercy upon us and enable us to return unto Thee.  Suffer us not to rely on aught else besides Thee, and vouchsafe unto us, through Thy bounty, that which Thou lovest and desirest and well beseemeth Thee.  Exalt the station of them that have truly believed, and forgive them with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [86] BH09289 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me, O my God, to draw nigh unto Thee, and to abide within the precincts of Thy court, for remoteness from Thee hath well-nigh consumed me.  Cause me to rest under the shadow of the wings of Thy grace, for the flame of my separation from Thee hath melted my heart within me.  Draw me nearer unto the river that is life indeed, for my soul burneth with thirst in its ceaseless search after Thee.  My sighs, O my God, proclaim the bitterness of mine anguish, and the tears I shed attest my love for Thee.
      Last:  Glorified be Thy name, O Thou Who art the King of all Kings!

  [87] AB00189AID (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Aid Thou Thy trusted servants to have loving and tender hearts.  Help them to spread, amongst all the nations of the earth, the light of guidance that cometh from the Company on high. Verily, Thou art the Strong, the Powerful, the Mighty, the All-Subduing, the Ever-Giving.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Gentle, the Tender, the Most Bountiful.

  [88] BH07721 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou didst lift up the ensigns of Thy guidance, and didst shed the radiance of Thy loving-kindness, and didst reveal the sovereignty of Thy Lordship; through which the lamp of Thy names hath appeared within the niche of Thine attributes, and He Who is the Tabernacle of Thy unity and the Manifestation of detachment hath shone forth; through which the ways of Thy guidance were made known, and the paths of Thy good pleasure were marked out; through which the foundations of error have been made to tremble, and the signs of wickedness have been abolished; through which the fountains of wisdom have burst forth, and the heavenly table hath been sent down; through which Thou didst preserve Thy servants and didst vouchsafe Thy healing; through which Thou didst show forth Thy tender mercies unto Thy servants and revealedst Thy forgiveness amidst Thy creatures—I implore Thee to keep safe him who hath held fast and returned unto Thee, and clung to Thy mercy, and seized the hem of Thy loving providence.  Send down, then, upon him Thy healing, and make him whole, and endue him with a constancy vouchsafed by Thee, and a tranquillity bestowed by Thy highness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Healer, the Preserver, the Helper, the Almighty, the Powerful, the All-Glorious, the All-Knowing.

  [89] AB10685 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou most glorious Lord!  Make this little maidservant of Thine blessed and happy; cause her to be cherished at the threshold of Thy oneness, and let her drink deep from the cup of Thy love so that she may be filled with rapture and ecstasy and diffuse sweet-scented fragrance.  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

  [90] BH09162 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Whose face is the object of the adoration of all that yearn after Thee, Whose presence is the hope of such as are wholly devoted to Thy will, Whose nearness is the desire of all that have drawn nigh unto Thy court, Whose countenance is the companion of those who have recognized Thy truth, Whose name is the mover of the souls that long to behold Thy face, Whose voice is the true life of Thy lovers, the words of Whose mouth are as the waters of life unto all who are in heaven and on earth!
      Last:  No God is there beside Thee, the Mighty, the Ever-Abiding, the All-Bounteous, the Most Generous.

  [91] AB00963IMP (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart and streaming tears to aid whosoever expendeth his energy for the erection of this House, and the construction of this Building wherein Thy name is mentioned every morn and every eve.
      Last:  O God!  Send down Thy divine increase on whosoever endeavoreth to serve this edifice and exerteth himself to raise it amongst the kindreds and religions of the world.  Confirm him in every good deed in promoting the welfare of mankind.  Open Thou the doors of wealth and abundance unto him and make him an heir to the treasures of the Kingdom, which perish not.  Make him a sign of Thy bestowals among the peoples and reinforce him by the sea of Thy generosity and bounty, surging with waves of Thy grace and favor.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful and the Bountiful.

  [92] BB00018MAJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: All majesty and glory, O my God, and all dominion and light and grandeur and splendor be unto Thee.  Thou bestowest sovereignty on whom Thou willest and dost withhold it from whom Thou desirest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.  Thou art He Who createth from naught the universe and all that dwell therein. There is nothing worthy of Thee except Thyself, while all else but Thee are as outcasts in Thy holy presence and are as nothing when compared to the glory of Thine Own Being.
      Last:  * 1. Qur'án 6:103

  [93] AB00065STE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord and my Hope!  Help Thou Thy loved ones to be steadfast in Thy mighty Covenant, to remain faithful to Thy manifest Cause, and to carry out the commandments Thou didst set down for them in Thy Book of Splendors; that they may become banners of guidance and lamps of the Company above, wellsprings of Thine infinite wisdom, and stars that lead aright, as they shine down from the supernal sky.
      Last:  Verily, art Thou the Invincible, the Almighty, the All-Powerful.

  [94] BH09085 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The Prayer for the Dead is the only Bahá’í obligatory prayer that is to be recited in congregation; it is to be recited by one believer while all present stand in silence.  Bahá’u’lláh has clarified that this prayer is required only when the deceased is over the age of fifteen, that its recital must precede interment, and that there is no requirement to face the Qiblih during its recitation.  “Alláh-u-Abhá” is said once; then the first of the six verses is recited nineteen times.  Then “Alláh-u-Abhá” is said again, followed by the second verse, which is recited nineteen times, and so on.
      Last:  *(If the dead be a woman, let him say: This is Thy handmaiden and the daughter of Thy handmaiden, etc...)

  [95] AB02596 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord!  O my Lord!  These two bright orbs are wedded in Thy love, conjoined in servitude to Thy Holy Threshold, united in ministering to thy Cause.  Make Thou this marriage to be as threading lights of Thine abounding grace, O my Lord, the All-Merciful, and luminous rays of Thy bestowals, O Thou the Beneficent, the Ever-Giving, that there may branch out from this great tree boughs that will grow green and flourishing through the gifts that rain down from Thy clouds of grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous.  Verily, Thou art the Compassionate, the All-Merciful.

  [96] BH00009AWA (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I give praise to Thee, O my God, that Thou hast awakened me out of my sleep, and brought me forth after my disappearance, and raised me up from my slumber.  I have wakened this morning with my face set toward the splendors of the Daystar of thy Revelation, through Which the heavens of Thy power and Thy majesty have been illumined, acknowledging Thy signs, believing in Thy Book, and holding fast unto Thy Cord.
      Last:  Thou disappointest no one who hath sought Thee, nor dost Thou keep back from Thee anyone who hath desired Thee.  Ordain Thou for me what becometh the heaven of Thy generosity, and the ocean of Thy bounty. Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [97] BH05894 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I know not, O my God, what the Fire is which Thou didst kindle in Thy land.  Earth can never cloud its splendor, nor water quench its flame. All the peoples of the world are powerless to resist its force.  Great is the blessedness of him that hath drawn nigh unto it, and heard its roaring.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou art, verily, the All-Powerful, the Most Generous.

  [98] BH00238 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Light and glory, greeting and praise be upon the Hands of His Cause, through whom the light of fortitude hath shone forth and the truth hath been established that the authority to choose rests with God, the Powerful, the Mighty, the Unconstrained, through whom the ocean of bounty hath surged and the fragrance of the gracious favors of God, the Lord of mankind, hath been diffused.  We beseech Him—exalted is He—to shield them through the power of His hosts, to protect them through the potency of His dominion, and to aid them through His indomitable strength which prevaileth over all created things.  Sovereignty is God's, the Creator of the heavens and the Lord of the Kingdom of Names.
      Last:  * Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh, Lawh-i-Dunyá (Tablet of the World)

  [99] BB00543VIC (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Render victorious Thy forbearing servants in Thy days by granting them a befitting victory, inasmuch as they have sought martyrdom in Thy path.  Send down upon them that which will bring comfort to their minds, will rejoice their inner beings, will impart assurance to their hearts and tranquillity to their bodies and will enable their souls to ascend to the presence of God, the Most Exalted, and to attain the supreme Paradise and such retreats of glory as Thou hast destined for men of true knowledge and virtue.  Verily, Thou knowest all things, while we are but Thy servants, Thy thralls, Thy bondsmen and Thy poor ones.  No Lord but Thee do we invoke, O God our Lord, nor do we implore blessings or grace from anyone but Thee, O Thou Who art the God of mercy unto this world and the next.  We are but the embodiments of poverty, of nothingness, of helplessness and of perdition, while Thy whole Being betokeneth wealth, independence, glory, majesty and boundless grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art our Lord and the Lord of all things.  Into Thy hands do we surrender ourselves, yearning for the things that pertain unto Thee.

  [100] BH10688 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  I have set out from my home, holding fast unto the cord of Thy love, and I have committed myself wholly to Thy care and Thy protection.  I entreat Thee by Thy power through which Thou didst protect Thy loved ones from the wayward and the perverse, and from every contumacious oppressor, and every wicked doer who hath strayed far from Thee, to keep me safe by Thy bounty and Thy grace.  Enable me, then, to return to my home by Thy power and Thy might.  Thou art, truly, the Almighty, the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [101] BB00100EXI (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O God! Thou art the God Who hath existed before all things, Who will exist after all things and will last beyond all things. Thou art the God Who knoweth all things, and is supreme over all things. Thou art the God Who dealeth mercifully with all things, Who judgeth between all things and Whose vision embraceth all things. Thou art God my Lord, Thou art aware of my position, Thou dost witness my inner and outer being.
      Last:  Grant Thy forgiveness unto me and unto the believers who responded to Thy Call. Be Thou my sufficing helper against the mischief of whosoever may desire to inflict sorrow upon me or wish me ill. Verily, Thou art the Lord of all created things. Thou dost suffice everyone, while no one can be self-sufficient without Thee.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[274] Prayer UUID: 1a241d0da6cf

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[276] Prayer UUID: 2bd590fc2737

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [2] BB00004REN (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord, Thou Who hast brought into being all created things, through the power of Thy behest.
      Last:  Grant Thou, O Lord, that their hearts may, through allegiance to this, Thine inviolable Faith, grow stronger than anything else in the heavens and on earth and in whatsoever is between them; and strengthen, O Lord, their hands with the tokens of Thy wondrous power that they may manifest Thy power before the gaze of all mankind.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[278] Prayer UUID: 7525908c5972

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00630 (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord!  Thou art the Remover of every anguish and the Dispeller of every affliction.  Thou art He Who banisheth every sorrow and setteth free every slave, the Redeemer of every soul.  O Lord!  Grant deliverance through Thy mercy, and reckon me among such servants of Thine as have gained salvation.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[279] Prayer UUID: 8704a7d9b8d0

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[282] Prayer UUID: c04f8c2bf73d

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[285] Prayer UUID: dc8fa857-1923-4c79-ac9e-7044bb34930a

FULL TEXT (haw):
** Prayer for Children
God, iḷisauttukki migłiqtut. Migłiqtut ukua nautchiagurut nautchiivigñi. Sialugnik aatchukki; siqiñġanik iḷumun ittuam qaummaġiksitki nakuaqqutikkun. Anuqsraaġiksitki nutaaġuqsaqtut aasii iḷisimalutiglu naulutiglu qiññaġikpagmiḷutik. Pamatchiraurutin. Nagliktaurutin.

O God! Educate these children. These children are the plants of Thine orchard, the flowers of Thy meadow, the roses of Thy garden. Let Thy rain fall upon them; let the Sun of Reality shine upon them with Thy love. Let Thy breeze refresh them in order that they may be trained, grow and develop, and appear in the utmost beauty. Thou art the Giver. Thou art the Compassionate.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[287] Prayer UUID: df98cd6fa376

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00002ENA (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord!  Enable all the peoples of the earth to gain admittance into the Paradise of Thy Faith, so that no created being may remain beyond the bounds of Thy good-pleasure.
      Last:  From time immemorial Thou hast been potent to do what pleaseth Thee and transcendent above whatsoever Thou desirest.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[291] Prayer UUID: f065d571bfa5

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BB00147ORD (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Ordain for me, O my Lord, and for those who believe in Thee that which is deemed best for us in Thine estimation, as set forth in the Mother Book, for within the grasp of Thy hand Thou holdest the determined measures of all things.
      Last:  There is no power nor strength except in God, the Most Exalted, the Most Mighty.

  [2] BH09404 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified art Thou, O Lord of the entire creation, the One unto Whom all things must turn.  With my inner and outer tongues I bear witness that thou hast manifested and revealed Thyself, sent down Thy signs, and proclaimed Thy testimonies.  I testify to Thy self-sufficiency from aught else except Thee, and Thy sanctity above all earthly things.  I entreat Thee by the transcendent glory of Thy Cause and the supreme potency of Thy Word to grant confirmation unto him who desireth to offer what Thou hast prescribed unto him in Thy Book and to observe that which will shed forth the fragrance of Thine acceptance.  Verily Thou art the All-Mighty, the All-Gracious, the All-Forgiving, the All-Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[292] Prayer UUID: fdbc8c1eae0e

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00987 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: Long Obligatory Prayer
      First: * Whoso wisheth to recite this prayer, let him stand up and turn unto God, and, as he standeth in his place, let him gaze to the right and to the left, as if awaiting the mercy of his Lord, the Most Merciful, the Compassionate. Then let him say:
      Last:  *"The daily obligatory prayers are three in number. ... The believer is entirely free to choose any one of these three prayers, but is under the obligation of reciting either one of them, and in accordance with any specific directions with which they may be accompanied." - from a letter written on behalf of Shoghi Effendi "By 'morning,' 'noon' and 'evening,' mentioned in connection with the Obligatory Prayers, is meant respectively the intervals between sunrise and noon, between noon and sunset, and from sunset till two hours after sunset." - Synopsis and Codification of the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, p. 36

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________


═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
LANGUAGE: HI
═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[293] Prayer UUID: 

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (16 options):

  [1] AB00001 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [2] AB00002 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [3] AB00003 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [4] AB00004 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [5] AB00005 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [6] AB00006 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [7] AB00007 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [8] AB00008 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [9] AB00009 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [10] AB00010 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [11] AB00011 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [12] AB00012 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [13] AB00013 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [14] AB00014 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [15] AB00015 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [16] AB00016 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[302] Prayer UUID: 

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB09139 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! O my God! This, Thy servant, hath advanced towards Thee, is passionately wandering in the desert of Thy love, walking in the path of Thy service, anticipating Thy favors, hoping for Thy bounty, relying upon Thy kingdom, and intoxicated by the wine of Thy gift. O my God! Increase the fervor of his affection for Thee, the constancy of his praise of Thee, and the ardor of his love for Thee.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Most Generous, the Lord of grace abounding. There is no other God but Thee, the Forgiving, the Merciful.

  [2] BH00687 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most Ancient, the Most Great.
      Last:  Should all the servants read and ponder this, there shall be kindled in their veins a fire that shall set aflame the worlds.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[303] Prayer UUID: 04d51106-02ec-46cb-ac81-c96726fbeae6

FULL TEXT (hu):
# TÄGLICH MORGENS, MITTAGS UND ABENDS ZU SPRECHEN

* Wer zu beten wünscht, wasche seine Hände und spreche beim Waschen:
Stärke meine Hand, o mein Gott, und lass sie Dein Buch mit solcher Standhaftigkeit ergreifen, dass die Scharen der Welt keine Macht über sie haben. Schütze sie sodann, damit sie sich nicht mit Dingen befasst, die ihr nicht zustehen. Du bist wahrlich der Allmächtige, der Allgewaltige.
* Und beim Waschen des Gesichtes spreche er:
Dir wende ich mein Angesicht zu, o mein Herr! Erleuchte es mit dem Licht Deines Antlitzes. Bewahre es sodann, damit es sich niemandem außer Dir zuwende.

* Dann erhebe er sich und spreche der Qi’blih (Gebetsrichtung nach Bahjí, Akká) zugewandt:
Gott bezeugt, dass es keinen Gott gibt außer Ihm. Sein sind die Reiche der Offenbarung und der Schöpfung. Er hat wahrlich Ihn enthüllt, der der Morgen der Offenbarung ist, der auf dem Sinai redete, durch den der Höchste Horizont erstrahlte und der Lotosbaum sprach, über den hinaus keiner gehen kann, und durch den der Ruf verkündet ward an alle, die im Himmel und auf Erden sind: „Sehet, der Allbesitzende ist gekommen! Erde und Himmel, Ruhm und Herrschaft sind Gottes, des Herrn aller Menschen, des Besitzers des Thrones in der Höhe und auf der Erde hienieden!“
* Dann beuge er sich nieder, lasse die Hände auf den Knien ruhen und spreche:
Erhaben bist Du über meinen Lobpreis und den Lobpreis jedes anderen außer mir und über die Beschreibung aller, die im Himmel und auf Erden sind!

* Dann spreche er stehend mit geöffneten Händen, die Handflächen aufwärts gerichtet und dem Gesicht zugewendet:
Enttäusche nicht den, o mein Gott, der sich mit flehenden Fingern an den Saum Deiner Barmherzigkeit und Gnade klammert, o Du, der Du von den Barmherzigen der Allbarmherzige bist!

* Dann setze er sich und spreche:
Ich bezeuge Deine Einheit und Deine Einzigkeit, dass Du Gott bist und es keinen Gott gibt außer Dir. Du hast wahrlich Deine Sache offenbart, Deinen Bund erfüllt und weit das Tor Deiner Gnade aufgetan vor allen, die im Himmel und auf Erden wohnen. Segen und Friede, Gruß und Herrlichkeit ruhen auf Deinen Geliebten, die Wandel und Wechsel der Welt nicht davon abhalten, sich Dir zuzuwenden, und die alles hingegeben in der Hoffnung, das zu erlangen, was bei Dir ist. Du bist in Wahrheit der Immervergebende, der Allgütige.

*(Wenn jemand statt des langen Verses lieber die Worte sprechen möchte: „Gott bezeugt, dass es keinen Gott gibt als Ihn, den Helfer in Gefahr, den Selbstbestehenden“, so wird dies genügen. Und ebenso wird es genügen, wenn er vorzieht, sitzend die Worte zu sprechen: „Ich bezeuge Deine Einheit und Deine Einzigkeit und dass Du Gott bist und dass es keinen Gott gibt außer Dir.“)

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[304] Prayer UUID: 079e712e-4765-420f-acc3-e94dbcc4724b

FULL TEXT (hu):
Ó, Istenem, Kit tisztellek és imádlak! Tanúságot teszek egységedről és egyedüliségedről, és elismerem ajándékaidat mind a múltban és a jelenben. Te vagy a Mindenek Felett Bőkezű. Irgalmad kicsorduló záporai egyformán patakzanak alá királyokra és koldusokra, és kegyelmed ragyogása az engedelmesekre és engedetlenekre is árad.

Ó, irgalom Istene, Kinek ajtaja előtt meghajol az irgalom leglényege, és Kinek szent Ügye körül kering a szerető jóság legbenső lelke, könyörgünk Hozzád, végtelen kegyelmedért esedezve és jelen pártfogásodat keresve, irgalmazz mindazoknak, akik a lét világának megnyilvánulásai, és ne tagadd meg tőlük napjaidban kegyelmed áradását!

Mi mindnyájan csupán szegények és szűkölködők vagyunk, és bizony, Te vagy a Mindenek Birtokosa, a Mindent Legyőző, a Mindenek Felett Hatalmas.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [2] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[310] Prayer UUID: 14cf6bed1013

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0023UNI (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Verily, I invoke Thee and supplicate before Thy threshold, asking Thee that all Thy mercies may descend upon these souls.  Specialize them for Thy favor and Thy truth.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Almighty, the Self-Subsistent, the Giver, the Forgiving, the Pardoner, the Omniscient, the One Creator.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[314] Prayer UUID: 211e99ed-aa7b-4a7f-93df-4f9f8bbca219

FULL TEXT (hu):
Dicsőíttessék a Te Neved, ó, Uram, Istenem! Te vagy, Kit imád minden dolog és Ki maga nem hajol meg senki előtt, Ki mindenek Ura és senkinek sem alattvalója, Ki mindent tud és Kit senki sem ismer. Azt kívántad, hogy felismerjenek Téged, ezért egyetlen kimondott szavaddal életre hívtad a teremtést, és megalkottad a világegyetemet. Nincsen más Isten, csak Te, az Alkotó, a Teremtő, a Mindenható, a Leghatalmasabb.

Ím, szavadra könyörgöm Hozzád, mely felragyogott akaratod láthatárán, add, hogy mélyet kortyolhassak az életadó árból, mellyel megébresztetted kiválasztottaid szívét és életre keltetted szeretteid lelkét, hogy mindig és minden körülmények között teljességgel Feléd fordulhassak.

Valóban, Te vagy a hatalom, a dicsőség és a bőkezűség Istene. Nincsen más Isten, csak Te, a Legfőbb Uralkodó, a Mindenek Felett Dicső, a Mindentudó.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [2] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [3] BB00100EXI (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O God! Thou art the God Who hath existed before all things, Who will exist after all things and will last beyond all things. Thou art the God Who knoweth all things, and is supreme over all things. Thou art the God Who dealeth mercifully with all things, Who judgeth between all things and Whose vision embraceth all things. Thou art God my Lord, Thou art aware of my position, Thou dost witness my inner and outer being.
      Last:  Grant Thy forgiveness unto me and unto the believers who responded to Thy Call. Be Thou my sufficing helper against the mischief of whosoever may desire to inflict sorrow upon me or wish me ill. Verily, Thou art the Lord of all created things. Thou dost suffice everyone, while no one can be self-sufficient without Thee.

  [4] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[316] Prayer UUID: 22f177f8-7f60-44d1-b609-4ba172684bf9

FULL TEXT (hu):
O Du, vor Dem alle Dinge in Furcht erschauern, vor Dessen strahlendem Antlitz alle Menschen die Augen niederschlagen, vor Dessen Offenbarungen höchster Herrschaft alle Nacken sich in Demut beugen, Der durch Seinen gebieterischen Willen alle Herzen überwältigt, Dessen ehrfurchtgebietende Majestät alle Dinge in ihren Grundfesten erbeben lässt und Der durch die Gewalt Seiner Herrschaft die Winde unterwarf! Ich flehe Dich an bei der bezwingenden Kraft Deiner Offenbarung, bei der Gewalt Deiner Macht, bei der Hoheit Deines Wortes und der Erhabenheit Deiner Herrschaft, zähle uns zu denen, die die Welt nicht daran hindern konnte, sich Dir zuzukehren.
Lass mich zu denen gehören, o mein Herr, die mit Leib und Leben tapfer auf Deinem Pfade kämpfen. Schreibe sodann die Belohnung für mich nieder, die Du auf der Tafel Deines Befehls für sie bestimmt hast. Weise mir den Sitz der Wahrheit an in Deiner Gegenwart und geselle mich zu den Aufrichtigen unter Deinen Dienern.
Ich flehe Dich an, o mein Herr, bei Deinen Boten, Deinen Auserwählten, und bei Ihm, durch den Du den Manifestationen Deiner Sache unter Deinen Geschöpfen Dein Siegel aufgedrückt hast, bei Ihm, den Du mit der Zierde Deiner Annahme schmücktest vor allen, die in Deinem Himmel und auf Deiner Erde wohnen, hilf mir gnädig zu erlangen, was Du Deinen Dienern bestimmt und auf Deinen Tafeln einzuhalten geboten hast. So wasche denn meine Sünden ab, o mein Gott, durch Deine Gnade und Gunst, und rechne mich zu denen, die die Angst nicht übermannen und der Kummer nicht überkommen soll.
Du bist fürwahr der Allmächtige, der Helfer in Gefahr, der Selbstbestehende.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BH05768 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I venture to make mention of Thee, I am held back by my mighty sins and grievous trespasses against Thee, and find myself wholly deprived of Thy grace, and utterly powerless to celebrate Thy praise.  My great confidence in Thy bounty, however, reviveth my hope in Thee, and my certitude that Thou wilt bountifully deal with me emboldeneth me to extol Thee, and to ask of Thee the things Thou dost possess.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds!

  [2] BH09024 (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Many a chilled heart, O my God, hath been set ablaze by the fire of Thy Cause, and many a slumberer hath been wakened by the sweetness of Thy voice.  How many are the strangers who have sought shelter beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness, and how numerous the thirsty ones who have panted after the fountain of Thy living waters in Thy days!
      Last:  Thy might, in truth, is equal to all things.

  [3] BH07426DRE (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou, at Whose dreadful majesty all things have trembled, in Whose grasp are the affairs of all men, towards Whose grace and mercy are set the faces of all Thy creatures!  I entreat Thee, by Thy Name which Thou hast ordained to be the spirit of all names that are in the kingdom of names, to shield us from the whisperings of those who have turned away from Thee, and have repudiated the truth of Thy most august and most exalted Self, in this Revelation that hath caused the kingdom of Thy names to tremble.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the God of power, of strength and glory.

  [4] BH07113 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Thou seest and knowest that I have called upon Thy servants to turn nowhere except in the direction of Thy bestowals, and have bidden them observe naught save the things Thou didst prescribe in Thy Perspicuous Book, the Book which hath been sent down according to Thine inscrutable decree and irrevocable purpose.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[318] Prayer UUID: 234c1c96-70fc-4fb8-a37d-b86f7cf26065

FULL TEXT (hu):
Dicsőíttessék a Neved, ó, Uram, én Istenem! Nevedre kérlek, melyen keresztül ütött az Óra és eljött a Feltámadás ideje, és félelem és remegés vett erőt mindeneken, kik a mennyben és a földön lakoznak, záporoztasd alá irgalmad mennyországából és gyengéd könyörületed felhőiből azt, mi megörvendezteti szolgáid szívét, kik Feléd fordultak és Ügyedet segítik.

Őrizd meg, Uram, szolgáidat és szolgálóleányaidat a meddő képzelgés és hiábavaló ábrándok fullánkjától, és kegyelmed kezéből adj nékik inni megismerésed csendesen csobogó patakjából.

Te valóban a Mindenható vagy, a Legmagasztosabb, a Mindig Megbocsátó, a Legnagylelkűbbbb.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [2] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [3] BH09874 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! Every man of insight confesseth Thy sovereignty and Thy dominion, and every discerning eye perceiveth the greatness of Thy majesty and the compelling power of Thy might. The winds of tests are powerless to hold back them that enjoy near access to Thee from setting their faces towards the horizon of Thy glory, and the tempests of trials must fail to draw away and hinder such as are wholly devoted to Thy will from approaching Thy court.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my God, by them and by the sighs which their hearts utter in their separation from Thee, to keep them safe from the mischief of Thine adversaries, and to nourish their souls with what Thou hast ordained for Thy loved ones on whom shall come no fear and who shall not be put to grief.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[324] Prayer UUID: 3a8fdadf-50b4-42f4-8a39-033e5bc5c103

FULL TEXT (hu):
Te vagy az, ó, Istenem, Ki nevei által meggyógyít minden beteget, és megvigasztal minden szenvedőt, Ki inni ad minden szomjazónak, megnyugtat minden reszketőt, útbaigazít minden tévelygőt, felemel minden megalázottat, gazdaggá tesz minden szegényt, felnyitja minden tudatlan szemét. Te vagy az, Ki fényt gyújt a sötétben, felvidítja a szomorkodót, meleget ád a fázónak, és felemel minden elnyomottat. A Te Neved, ó, Istenem, megébresztett minden teremtett dolgot, kiterítette a mennyeket, megteremtette a földet, felemelte a felhőket és leküldte velük az esőt. Ez bizony kegyelmed jele összes teremtményed számára.

Könyörgöm Hozzád ezért nevedre, mellyel kinyilatkoztattad Istenségedet és az egész teremtés fölé emelted Ügyedet, és legkiválóbb címeidre és legmagasztosabb tulajdonságaidra kérlek, akárcsak az összes erényre, mely mindent felülmúló és legmagasztosabb Lényedet dicsőíti, küldd le ez éjszakán irgalmad felhőjéből gyógyító esőd e csecsemőre, kit teremtésed világában mindenek felett dicső Önmagad védőszárnyai alá helyeztél. Majd pedig öltöztesd őt, ó, Istenem, kegyelmed által a jó közérzet és egészség köntösébe, és óvd őt, ó, Szerettem, minden szenvedéstől és bajtól, és mindentől, mi visszataszító Előtted. Hatalmad valóban felér mindennel. Te vagy bizony a Leghatalmasabb, az Önmagadtól Való. Küldd le számára továbbá, ó, Istenem, az ezen és az eljövendő világ, valamint az előbbi és az utóbbi nemzedékek minden javát. Hatalmad és Bölcsességed bizony képes erre.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] BH05768 (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I venture to make mention of Thee, I am held back by my mighty sins and grievous trespasses against Thee, and find myself wholly deprived of Thy grace, and utterly powerless to celebrate Thy praise.  My great confidence in Thy bounty, however, reviveth my hope in Thee, and my certitude that Thou wilt bountifully deal with me emboldeneth me to extol Thee, and to ask of Thee the things Thou dost possess.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds!

  [3] BH09024 (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Many a chilled heart, O my God, hath been set ablaze by the fire of Thy Cause, and many a slumberer hath been wakened by the sweetness of Thy voice.  How many are the strangers who have sought shelter beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness, and how numerous the thirsty ones who have panted after the fountain of Thy living waters in Thy days!
      Last:  Thy might, in truth, is equal to all things.

  [4] BH07426DRE (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou, at Whose dreadful majesty all things have trembled, in Whose grasp are the affairs of all men, towards Whose grace and mercy are set the faces of all Thy creatures!  I entreat Thee, by Thy Name which Thou hast ordained to be the spirit of all names that are in the kingdom of names, to shield us from the whisperings of those who have turned away from Thee, and have repudiated the truth of Thy most august and most exalted Self, in this Revelation that hath caused the kingdom of Thy names to tremble.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the God of power, of strength and glory.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[327] Prayer UUID: 5d5fc321-40fe-458c-adf5-9195daf1961f

FULL TEXT (hu):
Ezek a napok, ó, Istenem, melyeken szolgáidnak böjtöt rendeltél el. Ezzel díszítetted teremtményeidnek kinyilatkoztatott Törvénykönyved előszavát, és ékesítetted parancsolataid Kincstárát mindenek szeme előtt, kik mennyországodban és a földön lakoznak. E napok minden óráját különleges erénnyel ruháztad fel, kifürkészhetetlen mindenki számára Rajtad kívül, Kinek tudása minden teremtett dolgot felölel. Ezen erényből kijelölted minden léleknek a részét is rendelkezésed Táblája és visszavonhatatlan ítéleted Írásai szerint. Továbbá, e Könyvek és Írások minden lapját kiosztottad a föld minden egyes népének és nemzetségének.

Rendelésed szerint lángoló szerelmeseidnek minden hajnalon felkínálod a Rólad való emlékezés kelyhét, ó, Te, Ki az uralkodók Uralkodója vagy! Ők azok, kik bőséges bölcsességed borától oly mámorosak, hogy vágyakozásukban elhagyják fekvőhelyüket, csakhogy dicséreted zenghessék és erényeidet magasztalhassák, és lemondanak alvásukról azon igyekezetükben, hogy közelségedhez érjenek és kegyelmedből részesüljenek. Szemeik mindenkor szerető kedvességed Hajnalára irányulnak, és arcukat a Te sugallatod Kútfeje felé fordítják. Irgalmad felhőiből öntözz hát meg minket és őket azzal, mi nagylelkűséged és kegyelmed mennyországához méltó.

Dicsértessék a Te Neved, ó, Istenem! Íme az óra, mikor bőséged ajtaját megnyitottad teremtményeid előtt, és gondoskodó irgalmad kapuit földed minden lakója számára kitártad. Könyörgöm Hozzád mindazokra, kik vérüket ontották ösvényeden, kik Utánad való sóvárgásukban minden teremtményeidhez fűződő kötődéstől megszabadultak, és akik sugallatod édes illatától úgy megrészegültek, hogy testük minden porcikája dicséretedet zengte és emlékezetedre megremegett, ne fossz meg minket a dolgoktól, miket Te visszavonhatatlanul elrendeltél e Kinyilatkoztatásban. Olyan Kinyilatkoztatás ez, melynek hatására minden fa azt kiáltja, mit hajdan az Égő Csipkebokor Mózesnek kijelentett, Ki Véled társalgott, olyan Kinyilatkoztatás, mely a legkisebb kavicsot képessé teszi, hogy ismét dicséretedet visszhangozza, miként a kövek magasztaltak Téged Mohamed, a Barátod idején.

Itt vannak azok, ó, Istenem, kiknek kegyesen megengedted, hogy Társaid legyenek és érintkezzenek Véle, Ki Önmagad Megnyilvánulása. Akaratod szele szétszórta őket, míg Te össze nem gyűjtötted őket oltalmadban és arra nem késztetted őket, hogy udvarod előcsarnokába lépjenek. Most, hogy irgalmad baldachinja árnyékában lakozhatnak, segítsd őket, hogy elérjék azt, mi egy ily magasztos rangnak megfelel. Ne engedd, ó, Uram, hogy azok közé számíttassanak, kik bár közel kerültek Hozzád, mégsem ismerték fel arcodat, vagy kik ugyan találkoztak Véled, jelenlétedtől mégis megfosztattak.

Íme szolgáid, ó, Uram, kik Véled együtt e Legnagyobb Börtönbe léptek, kik annak falai között is tartják a böjtöt, miként megparancsoltad nékik rendeleted Tábláiban és parancsod Könyveiben. Küldd le rájuk ezért, mi teljesen megtisztítja őket mindentől, ami Néked utálatos, hogy tökéletesen Néked szentelhessék magukat, és teljesen elszakadhassanak mindentől Rajtad kívül.

Aztán záporoztasd reánk, ó, Istenem, mi kegyelmedhez méltó és bőkezűségednek megfelel. Tégy képessé minket, ó, Istenem, hogy a Rólad való emlékezésben éljünk, és a Te szeretetedben haljunk meg, és láss el bennünket jelenléted ajándékával elkövetkező világaidban, melyek kiismerhetetlenek mindenki számára Rajtad kívül. Te vagy a mi Urunk és minden világok Ura, és Te vagy mindenek Istene, kik a mennyben és a földön vannak.

Látod, ó, Istenem, mi történt szeretteiddel a Te napjaidban. Dicsőséged a tanúm! Választottaid hangos panasza tölti be egész birodalmad. Voltak, kiket a hitetlenek országodban elcsábítottak, és megakadályozták, hogy Hozzád közeledjenek és dicsőséged udvarát elérjék. Mások közeledbe kerülhettek, de visszatartattak attól, hogy orcádat meglássák. Megint másoknak vágyakozásuk miatt, hogy Rád tekintsenek, megengedtetett, hogy udvarod előcsarnokába lépjenek, mégis hagyták, hogy teremtményeid képzelgései és a zsarnokok mesterkedései néped között, mint egy fátyol elválassza őket Tőled.

Íme az óra, ó, Uram, melyet felmagasztaltál minden más óra felett, és melyet legnemesebb teremtményeiddel kötöttél össze. Könyörgök Hozzád, ó, Istenem, Önmagadra és rájuk, rendeld el ez év folyamán azt, mi felmagasztalja szeretteidet. Parancsold meg továbbá, kérlek, még ez éven belül, hogy hatalmad Napcsillaga fényesen felragyogjon dicsőséged látóhatárán, és uralmad erejével bevilágítsa az egész világot.

Tedd Ügyedet győzedelmessé, ó, Uram, és alázd meg ellenségeidet. Rendeld el aztán számunkra ezen és az eljövendő élet javát. Te vagy az Igazság, Ki minden titkot ismer. Nincsen más Isten csak Te, az Örökké Megbocsátó, a Mindenek Felett Bőkezű.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[331] Prayer UUID: 80a7983c-c65a-4042-99f4-1c0aed2f4a76

FULL TEXT (hu):
* Ayi ggwe anoonya amazima, bwobeera wegomba Katonda okuzibula amoaso go, oteekwa okwegayira Katonda omusabe era nga omwegayirira ettumbi nga ogamba nti:

Ayi Mukama, nkyusiza obwenyi bwange eri obw'akabaka bw'obumu Bwo, era nnenyise mu nnyanja ey'ekisa Kyo.  Ayi Mukama zibula amaaso gange galabe omusana Gwo, mu kiro kino eky'akazigizigi, era onsanyuse n'okwagala Kwo mu mulembe guno ogw'ekitalo.  Ayi Mukama ompulize okuyita Kwo, era oggulewo enzigi z'eggulu Lyo mu maaso gange, bwentyo ndabe omusana ogw'ekitiibwa Kyo era nsikirizibwe obulungi Bwo.  Ddala ddala, Ggwe Awa, Omugabi, Ow'ekisa, Omusonyiyi.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB05652WIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 56:62.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[333] Prayer UUID: 8e12b22db0e1

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[335] Prayer UUID: 98c0a570-6160-4d7e-87ab-9f47140b0a3f

FULL TEXT (hu):
Ő a Könyörületes, a Legbőkezűbb! Ó, Isten, én Istenem! Te látsz engem, Te ismersz engem, Te vagy Oltalmam és Menedékem. Nem kerestem, és nem is fogok mást keresni Rajtad kívül. Szereteted ösvényén kívül nem tapodott és nem is fog taposni lábam más utat. A kétségbeesés sötét éjjelén várakozón és reménykedve fordul szemem végtelen jóindulatod reggele felé, és hajnalhasadáskor szomorú lelkemet a szépségedre és tökéletességedre való emlékezés vidítja fel és erősíti meg. Kit kegyelmed karja segít, légyen bár csak egy csöpp, végtelen óceánná válik, és szerető kedvességed kiáradásának segedelmével ragyogó csillagként fénylik fel még a legkisebb porszem is.

Fogadd védőszárnyaid alá, ó, Te, a tisztaság Szelleme, Te, Ki a Mindenkinél Jobban Gondoskodó vagy, ezt az elbűvölt, lángra gyúlt szívű szolgádat. Segítsd őt a lét e világában, hogy állhatatos és szilárd maradjon szeretetedben, és add, hogy e törött szárnyú madár oltalmat és menedéket leljen az égi fán, a Te isteni fészkedben.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH09508 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O my God!  I yield Thee thanks that Thou hast made known unto me Him who is the Dayspring of Thy mercy, and the Dawning-Place of Thy grace, and the Repository of Thy Cause.  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which the faces of them that are nigh unto Thee have turned white, and the hearts of such as are devoted to Thee have winged their flight towards Thee, to grant that I may, at all times and under all conditions, lay hold on Thy cord, and be rid of all attachment to anyone except Thee, and may keep mine eyes directed towards the horizon of Thy Revelation, and may carry out what Thou hast prescribed unto me in Thy Tablets.
      Last:  Thou, truly, art the Lord of all mankind, and the Possessor of this world and of the next.  No God is there save Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[338] Prayer UUID: 9fe243c4-434b-4898-982d-ae1807fb2513

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH09399 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  My face hath been set towards Thy face, and my face is, verily, Thy face, and my call is Thy call, and my Revelation Thy Revelation, and my self Thy Self, and my Cause Thy Cause, and my behest Thy behest, and my Being Thy Being, and my sovereignty Thy sovereignty, and my glory Thy glory, and my power Thy power.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the Self-Subsisting.

  [2] BH07661 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I attempt to make mention of Thee, I am hindered by the sublimity of Thy station and the overpowering greatness of Thy might.  For were I to praise Thee throughout the length of Thy dominion and the duration of Thy sovereignty, I would find that my praise of Thee can befit only such as are like unto me, who are themselves Thy creatures, and who have been generated through the power of Thy decree and been fashioned through the potency of Thy will.  And at whatever time my pen ascribeth glory to any one of Thy names, methinks I can hear the voice of its lamentation in its remoteness from Thee, and can recognize its cry because of its separation from Thy Self.  I testify that everything other than Thee is but Thy creation and is held in the hollow of Thy hand.  To have accepted any act or praise from Thy creatures is but an evidence of the wonders of Thy grace and bountiful favors, and a manifestation of Thy generosity and providence.
      Last:  I entreat Thee, O my Lord, by Thy Most Great Name whereby Thou didst separate light from fire, and truth from denial, to send down upon me and upon such of my loved ones as are in my company the good of this world and of the next.  Supply us, then, with Thy wondrous gifts that are hid from the eyes of men.  Thou art, verily, the Fashioner of all creation.  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most High.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[339] Prayer UUID: 9fe243c4-434b-4d90-b366-4ef314846fa5

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[340] Prayer UUID: a08cc830-8d84-41bd-b72b-95f4eeb2e882

FULL TEXT (hu):
Dicsértessél és dicsőíttessél ó, Uram, én Istenem! Miként említhetnélek Téged, mikor bizonyos vagyok, hogy semmilyen nyelv, bármilyen mély légyen is bölcsessége, nem tudja Neved illendőn dicsérni, sem az emberi szív madara, bármilyen nagy légyen is vágyódása, sohasem remélheti, hogy Fenséged és megismerésed mennyországába szárnyalhasson.

Ha úgy írlak le Téged, ó, Istenem, mint Azt, Ki a Mindent Meglátó, be kell ismernem, hogy Azok, Kik a meglátás legmagasabb Megtestesülései, a Te parancsodra teremtettek. És ha úgy magasztallak Téged, mint a Mindenek Felett Bölcset, hasonlóképpen be kell látnom, hogy a bölcsesség Kútfejei Maguk is Akaratod működése révén jöttek létre. És ha úgy hirdetlek Téged, mint a Hasonlíthatatlant, ím hamarosan felfedezem, hogy Azok, Kik az egység legbensőbb lényegei, Általad küldettek alá és csupán keze munkád bizonyítékai. És ha úgy üdvözöllek Téged, mint minden dolgok Ismerőjét, be kell vallanom, hogy Azok, Kik a tudás Leglényege, csupán Célod teremtményei és eszközei.

Magasztos, végtelenül magasztos vagy Te a halandó ember törekvése felett, hogy misztériumodat megfejtse, dicsőségedet leírja, vagy hogy akár Lényeged természetére utalást tegyen. Mert bármit is érjen el az ilyen törekvés, sohasem remélheti, hogy túllépjen a teremtményeidnek szabott korlátokon, hiszen ezen erőfeszítések is a Te rendeletedre és kigondolásod szerint születtek. A legemelkedettebb érzelmek, melyeket a szentek legszentebbike dicsőítésedre kifejezhet, és a legmélyebb bölcsesség, amit a legtanultabb ember képes megfogalmazni, hogy megértse Természetedet, mind azon Központ körül kering, Mely teljes mértékben a Te egyedüli Uralmad alatt áll, a Te Szépségedet imádja, és a Te Tollad mozgása tart lendületben.

Ments meg Uram attól, hogy olyan szavakat ejtettem volna ki, melyek szükségszerűen egy közvetlen kapcsolat lehetőségét feltételeznék Kinyilatkoztatásod Tolla és minden teremtett dolgok lényege között. Messze, messze áll Azoktól, Kik Hozzád kötődnek, egy ilyen kapcsolat feltételezése! Kinyilatkoztatásod Fáját semmilyen hasonlat és hasonlítás le nem írhatja, és zárva van minden út Önmagad Megnyilvánulásának és Szépséged Hajnalának megértéséhez.

Távol, távol álljon Dicsőségedtől, mit Rólad halandó ember állíthat vagy Néked tulajdoníthat, vagy a dicséret, mit Rólad zenghet! Bármit rendeltél is el szolgáidnak, hogy azáltal Fenségedet és Dicsőségedet a legillendőbben magasztalják, mindaz csupán irántuk való kegyelmed jele, hogy talán képesek legyenek olyan magasságba emelkedni, mely legbensőbb lényüknek megadatott, vagyis hogy megismerjék önmagukat.

Rajtad kívül soha senki nem volt képes Misztériumodat felfogni, és Nagyságodat illendően dicsőíteni. Kifürkészhetetlen és magasztos maradsz Te az emberek dicsérete felett mindörökké. Nincsen más Isten csak Te, az Elérhetetlen, a Mindenható, a Mindentudó, a Szentek Szentje.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[342] Prayer UUID: a2f41b7f-4fa4-4afb-a211-01462b387eae

FULL TEXT (hu):
* Bahá’u’lláh újszülött Világközösségének Fő Tiszttartói, kiket Szövetsége Központjának tévedhetetlen Tolla azzal a kettős feladattal ruházott fel, hogy óvják Atyja Hitét és biztosítsák terjesztését. —Shoghi Effendi

Fény és dicsőség, üdv és dicséret Isten Ügye Kezeinek, kiken keresztül előragyogott az állhatatosság fénye, és kézzelfoghatóvá lett az igazság, hogy Istené a döntés joga, az Erősé, a Hatalmasé, a Korlátozatlané. Általuk hullámzik a nagylelkűség óceánja és árad szét Isten, az emberiség Ura áldott kegyének illata. Könyörgünk Hozzá – magasztaltassék Ő –, hogy védelmezze Kezeit mennyei seregeivel és óvja őket uralmának hatalmával, és segítse őket lebírhatatlan erejével, mely térdre kényszerít minden teremtett dolgot. Istené a korlátlan Hatalom, a mennyek Teremtőjéé és a Nevek Királyságának Uráé.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00238 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Light and glory, greeting and praise be upon the Hands of His Cause, through whom the light of fortitude hath shone forth and the truth hath been established that the authority to choose rests with God, the Powerful, the Mighty, the Unconstrained, through whom the ocean of bounty hath surged and the fragrance of the gracious favors of God, the Lord of mankind, hath been diffused.  We beseech Him—exalted is He—to shield them through the power of His hosts, to protect them through the potency of His dominion, and to aid them through His indomitable strength which prevaileth over all created things.  Sovereignty is God's, the Creator of the heavens and the Lord of the Kingdom of Names.
      Last:  * Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh, Lawh-i-Dunyá (Tablet of the World)

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[344] Prayer UUID: b139fd2f8a32

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[346] Prayer UUID: c4314874ba98

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00002MEN (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O God.  How can I make mention of Thee while Thou art sanctified from the praise of all mankind.  Magnified be Thy Name, O God, Thou art the King, the Eternal Truth; Thou knowest what is in the heavens and on the earth, and unto Thee must all return.  Thou hast sent down Thy divinely ordained Revelation according to a clear measure.  Praised art Thou, O Lord!  At Thy behest Thou dost render victorious whomsoever Thou willest, through the hosts of heaven and earth and whatsoever existeth between them.  Thou art the Sovereign, the Eternal Truth, the Lord of invincible might.
      Last:  Glorified art Thou, O Lord!  Thou forgivest at all times the sins of such among Thy servants as implore Thy pardon.  Wash away my sins and the sins of those who seek Thy forgiveness at dawn, who pray to Thee in the daytime and in the night season, who yearn after naught save God, who offer up whatsoever God hath graciously bestowed upon them, who celebrate Thy praise at morn and eventide, and who are not remiss in their duties.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[347] Prayer UUID: cc36cb46-49f4-4f59-8ff9-b9b7259b616f

FULL TEXT (hu):
Dicsőség Néked, ó, Uram, én Imádottam! Tégy engem erőssé Ügyedben, és add, hogy azok közé számíttassak, kik nem szegték meg Szövetségedet, sem nem követték saját meddő képzelgéseik bálványait. Majd tégy képessé arra, hogy elnyerjem az igazság egy székét Színed előtt, ruházd rám irgalmasságod jelét, és engedd, hogy azon szolgáidhoz csatlakozhassam, akik nem fognak félni, és akik nem lesznek bánatnak kitéve. Ne hagyj magamra, ó, Uram, ne fossz meg Annak felismerésétől, Ki Önmagad Megnyilvánulása, sem ne számíts engem azokhoz, kik elfordultak szent színedtől. Számlálj engem, ó, Istenem, azok közé, kiknek megadatott a kiváltság, hogy Szépségedet szemlélhessék, és akik ebben olyan örömöt találnak, hogy nem cserélnék el ennek egyetlen percét sem a mennyek és a föld királysága fölötti hatalomért, vagy a teremtés egész birodalmáért. Légy hozzám irgalmas, ó, Uram, ezekben a napokban, mikor Földed népei súlyosan eltévelyedtek, majd láss el engem, ó, Istenem, azzal, mi szemedben jó és illő. Te vagy, valóban, a Mindenek Felett Hatalmas, a Kegyes, a Nagylelkű, a Mindig Megbocsátó.

Add, ó, Istenem, hogy ne számíttassak azok közé, kiknek füle süket, szeme vak, nyelve néma, és kiknek szíve értetlen maradt. Ments meg engem, ó, Uram, a tudatlanság és önző vágy tüzétől, engedd, hogy bebocsátást nyerhessek mindent meghaladó irgalmad udvarába, és küldd le nékem azt, mit választottaidnak rendeltél. Hatalmad van azt tenni, amit csak kívánsz. Valóban, Te vagy a Veszélyben Oltalmazó, az Önmagától Való.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH09289 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me, O my God, to draw nigh unto Thee, and to abide within the precincts of Thy court, for remoteness from Thee hath well-nigh consumed me.  Cause me to rest under the shadow of the wings of Thy grace, for the flame of my separation from Thee hath melted my heart within me.  Draw me nearer unto the river that is life indeed, for my soul burneth with thirst in its ceaseless search after Thee.  My sighs, O my God, proclaim the bitterness of mine anguish, and the tears I shed attest my love for Thee.
      Last:  Glorified be Thy name, O Thou Who art the King of all Kings!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[349] Prayer UUID: d0e16ef7-8c49-4cc3-8982-786efe45c74a

FULL TEXT (hu):
Dicsőíttessék a Te Neved, ó, Isten. Tiéd valóban a Teremtés és Kinyilatkoztatás Királysága, és bizony Urunkba helyeztük mi minden bizodalmunkat. Illessen minden dicsőítés Téged, ó, Isten. Te vagy a mennyek és a föld Teremtője, és mindeneké a kettő között, és bizony Te vagy a legfőbb Uralkodó, az Alkotó, a Mindenek Felett Bölcs. Dicsőíttessél, ó, Urunk! Bizonyosan össze fogod Te gyűjteni az emberiséget azon Napra, melynek eljöveteléről kétség nem lehet – a Napra, mikor mindenki meg fog jelenni Előtted, és életet talál Benned. Ez az egy igaz Isten Napja – a Nap, melyet úgy hozol el, miként Neked tetszik, parancsolatod erejénél fogva.

Te vagy a korlátlan Uralkodó, a csodás Teremtő, a Hatalmas, a Legszeretettebb.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH11278RIV (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Make manifest the rivers of Thy sovereign might, that the waters of Thy Unity may flow through the inmost realities of all things, in such wise that the banner of Thine unfailing guidance may be raised aloft in the kingdom of Thy command and the stars of Thy divine splendor may shine brightly in the heaven of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou, verily, art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[350] Prayer UUID: d5b890de3f89

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[351] Prayer UUID: e2974d87-6d86-4813-9469-48abeb6af95d

FULL TEXT (hu):
Ő az Isten.
Ó, Uram, én Istenem! Ó, Te, a gyengék Segítője, a szegények Támasza, és a Hozzád forduló elhagyottak Szabadítója.

Kimondhatatlan alázattal emelem esengő kezem szépséged királysága felé, és lelkem emígyen szólít buzgón: ó, Isten, én Istenem! Segíts engem, hogy imádhassalak, adj erőt nékem, hogy szolgálhassalak, kegyelmeddel karolj fel engem szolgálatodban, s tedd, hogy szilárd maradhassak az Irántad való engedelmességben. Árassz el nagylelkűséged kegyével, fordítsd felém szerető kedvességed pillantását, és mártóztass meg megbocsátásod tengerében. Add, hogy megerősíttessek Hited iránti hűségemben, ajándékozz meg nagyobb bizonyossággal és bizalommal, hogy e világot teljességgel elvethessem, arcom tökéletes odaadással orcád felé fordíthassam, megerősítve bizonyságaid és tanútételeid lebíró ereje által, fenséggel és hatalommal felruházva suhanhassak túl menny és föld minden tartományán. Valóban, Te vagy az Irgalmas, a Mindenek Felett Dicső, a Kedves, a Könyörületes.

Ó, Urunk! Ímé vértanúid, azon áldott lelkek társaságának maradéka. Elviseltek ők minden nyomorúságot, és türelmet mutattak a borzasztó igaztalanság közepette. Feladtak minden kényelmet és világi javat, készségesen alávetették magukat szereteted ösvényén a kínzó szenvedésnek és hányattatásnak, és még mindig elleneik karmai között raboskodnak, akik újra és újra keserves kínzásokkal törik és sanyargatják őket, mert szilárd léptekkel járnak egyenes ösvényeden. Nincs, ki segítené őket, nincs, ki barátjuk lenne. A nemteleneken és gonoszokon kívül nincs, ki vélük lenne és társalogna vélük.

Ó, Urunk! E lelkek megízlelték a poklok kínjait e földi életben, és orcád ragyogó szépségének szeretete jeleként és minthogy hőn vágyódtak mennyei királyságodba, elviseltek minden goromba megaláztatást, melyet a zsarnokság népe rájuk zúdított.

Ó, Urunk! Töltsd el fülüket isteni segítséged és a mihamarabbi győzelem verseivel, és szabadítsd meg őket az iszonyú hatalmat bírók fogságából. Állítsd meg a gonoszok kezét, és ne engedd, hogy e lelkeket dühöngő vadállatok karmai és fogai marcangolják, mert a Te szerelmeseid ők, szentséged titkainak hordozói, alázatosan állnak ajtód előtt, és eljutottak magasztos udvarodba.

Ó, Urunk! Erősítsd meg őket kegyesen új lélekkel, ragyogd be szemüket, hogy az éjszaka sötétjében megláthassák csodás bizonyságaidat. Rendeld nékik az összes jót, mi örök misztériumaid Királyságában rejtezik, tedd őket a világrészek fölött ragyogó fényes csillagokká, gyümölcstől roskadozó fákká, s a hajnali szellőben hajladozó ágakká.

Bizony, Te vagy a Nagylelkű, a Hatalmas, a Mindenható, a Korlátozatlan. Nincsen más Isten, csak Te, a szeretet és gyengéd kedvesség Istene, a Mindenek Felett Dicső, a Mindig Megbocsátó.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [2] AB00094WEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let whosoever travels to different parts to teach, peruse over mountain, desert, land and sea this supplication.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Most Merciful of the merciful.

  [3] AB00204PRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind and loving Providence!  The east is astir and the west surgeth even as the eternal billows of the sea.  The gentle breezes of holiness are diffused and, from the Unseen Kingdom, the rays of the Orb of Truth shine forth resplendent.  The anthems of divine unity are being chanted and the ensigns of celestial might are waving.  The angelic Voice is raised and, even as the roaring of the leviathan, soundeth the call to selflessness and evanescence.  The triumphal cry Yá Bahá’u’l-Abhá resoundeth on every side, and the call Yá ‘Alíyyu’l-‘Alá¹ ringeth throughout all regions.  No stir is there in the world save that of the Glory of the One Ravisher of Hearts, and no tumult is there save the surging of the love of Him, the Incomparable, the Well-Beloved.
      Last:  * 1. O Thou the Exalted, the Most Exalted!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[352] Prayer UUID: e57951fc2a4c

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB05652WIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 56:62.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[356] Prayer UUID: f121581a

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH09399 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  My face hath been set towards Thy face, and my face is, verily, Thy face, and my call is Thy call, and my Revelation Thy Revelation, and my self Thy Self, and my Cause Thy Cause, and my behest Thy behest, and my Being Thy Being, and my sovereignty Thy sovereignty, and my glory Thy glory, and my power Thy power.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the Self-Subsisting.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[357] Prayer UUID: f1eaff9a-bc86-4142-8c94-3e719967bfac

FULL TEXT (hu):
Dicséret Néked, ó, Uram, Istenem! Nevedre könyörgöm Hozzád, melyet senki illő módon fel nem ismert, és melynek fontosságát nincs lélek, ki felfogta volna. Általa esedezem Hozzád, Ki a Te Kinyilatkoztatásod Kútfeje és jeleid Hajnala, tedd az én szívem szereteted és a Reád való emlékezés tárházává. Majd kösd azt össze leghatalmasabb Óceánoddal, hogy bölcsességed élővizei valamint dicsőítésed és dicséreted kristálypatakjai áradhassanak belőle.

Végtagjaim tanúskodnak a Te egységedről, és hajam hirdeti egyeduralmad s hatalmad erejét. Odaálltam kegyelmed ajtajához tökéletesen háttérbe szorítván magamat, a legteljesebb önmegtagadással, és megkapaszkodtam nagylelkűséged szegélyében, s a Te ajándékaid láthatárára függesztettem szemeimet.

Rendeld el számomra, ó, Istenem, azt, mi illendő fenséged nagyságához, és segíts nékem megerősítő kegyed által, úgy tanítanom a Te Ügyedet, hogy a holtak felserkenjenek sírjaikból és Feléd rohanjanak, teljesen Tebenned bízván, s tekintetüket a Te Ügyed pirkadatára, valamint Kinyilatkoztatásod hajnalpontjára rögzítvén.

Te vagy valóban a Leghatalmasabb, a Legmagasztosabb, a Mindenek Tudója, a Mindenek Felett Bölcs.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH06429 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Thou art He the fire of Whose love hath set ablaze the hearts of them who have recognized Thy unity, and the splendors of Whose countenance have illuminated the faces of such as have drawn nigh unto Thy court.  How plenteous, O my God, is the stream of Thy knowledge!  How sweet, O my Beloved, is the injury which, in my love for Thee, and for the sake of Thy pleasure, I suffer from the darts of the wicked doers!  How pleasing are the wounds which, in Thy path and in order to proclaim Thy Faith, I sustain from the swords of the infidels!
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do what Thou pleasest.  Thou art, verily, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[358] Prayer UUID: f472f431835e

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB11605 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!  O God, my God!  Bestow upon me a pure heart, like unto a pearl.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[360] Prayer UUID: f7e7e700-abff-456c-94e8-53f43e8bba71

FULL TEXT (hu):
Ó, Isten! Üdítsd és vidítsd fel lelkemet. Tisztítsd meg szívemet. Világosítsd meg képességeimet. Minden ügyemet a Te kezedbe helyezem. Te vagy az Irányítóm és Menedékem. Nem leszek többé bánatos és gondterhelt, hanem boldog és vidám. Ó, Isten! Nem leszek többé tele félelemmel és aggodalommal. Nem foglalkozom ezentúl az élet kellemetlen dolgaival.

Ó, Isten! Te jobb vagy hozzám, mint én önmagamhoz. Néked szentelem életemet, ó, Uram!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB11605 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!  O God, my God!  Bestow upon me a pure heart, like unto a pearl.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[361] Prayer UUID: fb93211174dc

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH05894 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I know not, O my God, what the Fire is which Thou didst kindle in Thy land.  Earth can never cloud its splendor, nor water quench its flame. All the peoples of the world are powerless to resist its force.  Great is the blessedness of him that hath drawn nigh unto it, and heard its roaring.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou art, verily, the All-Powerful, the Most Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________


═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
LANGUAGE: HZ
═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[362] Prayer UUID: 

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (175 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [2] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [3] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [4] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

  [5] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [6] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [7] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [8] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [9] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [10] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [11] BH05768 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I venture to make mention of Thee, I am held back by my mighty sins and grievous trespasses against Thee, and find myself wholly deprived of Thy grace, and utterly powerless to celebrate Thy praise.  My great confidence in Thy bounty, however, reviveth my hope in Thee, and my certitude that Thou wilt bountifully deal with me emboldeneth me to extol Thee, and to ask of Thee the things Thou dost possess.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds!

  [12] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [13] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [14] BH00987 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: Long Obligatory Prayer
      First: * Whoso wisheth to recite this prayer, let him stand up and turn unto God, and, as he standeth in his place, let him gaze to the right and to the left, as if awaiting the mercy of his Lord, the Most Merciful, the Compassionate. Then let him say:
      Last:  *"The daily obligatory prayers are three in number. ... The believer is entirely free to choose any one of these three prayers, but is under the obligation of reciting either one of them, and in accordance with any specific directions with which they may be accompanied." - from a letter written on behalf of Shoghi Effendi "By 'morning,' 'noon' and 'evening,' mentioned in connection with the Obligatory Prayers, is meant respectively the intervals between sunrise and noon, between noon and sunset, and from sunset till two hours after sunset." - Synopsis and Codification of the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, p. 36

  [15] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [16] BH08604 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Whose nearness is my wish, Whose presence is my hope, Whose remembrance is my desire, Whose court of glory is my goal, Whose abode is my aim, Whose name is my healing, Whose love is the radiance of my heart, Whose service is my highest aspiration!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou hast enabled them that have recognized Thee to soar to the sublimest heights of the knowledge of Thee and empowered such as devoutly worship Thee to ascend into the precincts of the court of Thy holy favors, to aid me to turn my face towards Thy face, to fix mine eyes upon Thee, and to speak of Thy glory.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the God of Power, the Help in Peril, the All-Glorious, the Almighty.

  [17] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [18] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [19] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [20] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [21] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [22] AB10703RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord! Make this youth radiant and confer Thy bounty upon this poor creature. Bestow upon him knowledge, grant him added strength at the break of every morn and guard him within the shelter of Thy protection so that he may be freed from error, may devote himself to the service of Thy Cause, may guide the wayward, lead the hapless, free the captives and awaken the heedless, that all may be blessed with Thy remembrance and praise. Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

  [23] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [24] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [25] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [26] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [27] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [28] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [29] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [30] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [31] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [32] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [33] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [34] BH07426FOO (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord!  Make Thy beauty to be my food, and Thy presence my drink, and Thy pleasure my hope, and praise of Thee my action, and remembrance of Thee my companion, and the power of Thy sovereignty my succorer, and Thy habitation my home, and my dwelling-place the seat Thou hast sanctified from the limitations imposed upon them who are shut out as by a veil from Thee.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Powerful.

  [35] BB00002ENA (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Enable all the peoples of the earth to gain admittance into the Paradise of Thy Faith, so that no created being may remain beyond the bounds of Thy good-pleasure.
      Last:  From time immemorial Thou hast been potent to do what pleaseth Thee and transcendent above whatsoever Thou desirest.

  [36] ABU0070GAT (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These are Thy servants who have gathered in this meeting, have turned unto Thy kingdom and are in need of Thy bestowal and blessing. O Thou God! Manifest and make evident the signs of Thy oneness which have been deposited in all the realities of life. Reveal and unfold the virtues which Thou hast made latent and concealed in these human realities.
      Last:  Thou art mighty. Thou art powerful. Thou art the Giver, and Thou art the Ever-Bounteous.

  [37] BB00630 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Thou art the Remover of every anguish and the Dispeller of every affliction.  Thou art He Who banisheth every sorrow and setteth free every slave, the Redeemer of every soul.  O Lord!  Grant deliverance through Thy mercy, and reckon me among such servants of Thine as have gained salvation.

  [38] BH08264 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  Thou hearest Thine ardent lovers lamenting in their separation from Thee, and such as have recognized Thee wailing because of their remoteness from Thy presence.  Open Thou outwardly to their faces, O my Lord, the gates of Thy grace, that they may enter them by Thy leave and in conformity with Thy will, and may stand before the throne of Thy majesty, and catch the accents of Thy voice, and be illumined with the splendors of the light of Thy face.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [39] BH08852 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  One of Thy handmaidens, who hath believed in Thee and in Thy signs, hath entered beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness.  Give her to quaff, O my God, by Thy Name, the Manifest and the Hidden, of Thy choice sealed Wine that it may take her away from her own self, and make her to be entirely devoted to Thy remembrance, and wholly detached from any one beside Thee.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, the God of knowledge and wisdom.

  [40] BH09960 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  Thou art He Whom all things worship and Who worshipeth no one, Who is the Lord of all things and is the vassal of none, Who knoweth all things and is known of none. Thou didst wish to make Thyself known unto men; therefore, Thou didst, through a word of Thy mouth, bring creation into being and fashion the universe.  There is none other God except Thee, the Fashioner, the Creator, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.
      Last:  Thou art the God of power, of glory and bounty.  No God is there beside Thee, the Supreme Ruler, the All-Glorious, the Omniscient.

  [41] BB00374 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Vouchsafe unto me, O my God, the full measure of Thy love and Thy good-pleasure, and through the attractions of Thy resplendent light enrapture our hearts, O Thou Who art the Supreme Evidence and the All-Glorified.  Send down upon me, as a token of Thy grace, Thy vitalizing breezes, throughout the daytime and in the night season, O Lord of bounty.
      Last:  Indeed shouldst Thou desire to confer blessing upon a servant Thou wouldst blot out from the realm of his heart every mention or disposition except Thine Own mention; and shouldst Thou ordain evil for a servant by reason of that which his hands have unjustly wrought before Thy face, Thou wouldst test him with the benefits of this world and of the next that he might become preoccupied therewith and forget Thy remembrance.

  [42] AB03017CAL (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! This Thy handmaid is calling upon Thee, trusting in Thee, turning her face unto Thee, imploring Thee to shed thy heavenly bounties upon her, and to disclose unto her Thy spiritual mysteries, and to cast upon her the lights of Thy Godhead.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Ever-Bestowing, the Open of Hand.

  [43] AB11281 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord! This a lamp lighted by the fire of Thy love and ablaze with the flame which is ignited in the tree of Thy mercy. O my Lord! Increase his enkindlement, heat and flame, with the fire which is kindled in the Sinai of Thy Manifestation. Verily, Thou art the Confirmer, the Assister, the Powerful, the Generous, the Loving.

  [44] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [45] BH03109KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God, exalted is He, the Lord of loving-kindness and bounty!
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Single, the Powerful, the Omniscient, the Bountiful.

  [46] AB02326 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  O Lord, my God! Lowly are these servants of Thine, exalt them in Thy kingdom on high; feeble, strengthen them by Thy supreme power; abased, bestow upon them Thy glory in Thine all-highest realm; poor, enrich them in Thy great dominion. Do Thou then ordain for them all the good Thou hast destined in Thy worlds, visible and invisible, prosper them in this world below, gladden their hearts with Thine inspiration, O Lord of all beings! Illumine their hearts with Thy joyful tidings diffused from Thine all-glorious Station, make firm their steps in Thy Most-Great Covenant and strengthen their loins in Thy firm Testament, by Thy bounty and promised grace, O Gracious and Merciful One! Thou art, verily, the Gracious, the All-Bountiful.

  [47] AB11356 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou peerless Lord!  Let this suckling babe be nursed from the breast of Thy loving-kindness, guard it within the cradle of Thy safety and protection and grant that it be reared in the arms of Thy tender affection.

  [48] AB00949WIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  Graciously bestow a pair of heavenly wings unto each of these fledglings, and give them spiritual power that they may wing their flight through this limitless space and may soar to the heights of the Abhá Kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful; Thou art the Bestower and the All-Loving.

  [49] AB00073SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! We are servants of Thy Threshold, taking shelter at Thy holy Door. We seek no refuge save only this strong pillar, turn nowhere for a haven but unto Thy safekeeping. Protect us, bless us, support us, make us such that we shall love but Thy good pleasure, utter only Thy praise, follow only the pathway of truth, that we may become rich enough to dispense with all save Thee, and receive our gifts from the sea of Thy beneficence, that we may ever strive to exalt Thy Cause and to spread Thy sweet savors far and wide, that we may become oblivious of self and occupied only with Thee, and disown all else and be caught up in Thee.
      Last:  O Thou Provider, O Thou Forgiver! Grant us Thy grace and loving-kindness, Thy gifts and Thy bestowals, and sustain us, that we may attain our goal. Thou art the Powerful, the Able, the Knower, the Seer; and, verily, Thou art the Generous, and, verily, Thou art the All-Merciful, and, verily, Thou art the Ever-Forgiving, He to Whom repentance is due, He Who forgiveth even the most grievous of sins.

  [50] BH00662FLO (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! I ask Thee, by Thy most glorious Name, to aid me in that which will cause the affairs of Thy servants to prosper, and Thy cities to flourish. Thou, indeed, hast power over all things!
      Last:  * Summons of the Lord of Hosts, p. 90.

  [51] ABU0188TUR (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! O my God! Verily, these servants are turning to Thee, supplicating Thy kingdom of mercy. Verily, they are attracted by Thy holiness and set aglow with the fire of Thy love, seeking confirmation from Thy wondrous kingdom, and hoping for attainment in Thy heavenly realm. Verily, they long for the descent of Thy bestowal, desiring illumination from the Sun of Reality. O Lord! Make them radiant lamps, merciful signs, fruitful trees and shining stars. May they come forth in Thy service and be connected with Thee by the bonds and ties of Thy love, longing for the lights of Thy favor. O Lord! Make them signs of guidance, standards of Thine immortal kingdom, waves of the sea of Thy mercy, mirrors of the light of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous. Verily, Thou art the Merciful. Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Beloved.

  [52] BB00004REN (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord, Thou Who hast brought into being all created things, through the power of Thy behest.
      Last:  Grant Thou, O Lord, that their hearts may, through allegiance to this, Thine inviolable Faith, grow stronger than anything else in the heavens and on earth and in whatsoever is between them; and strengthen, O Lord, their hands with the tokens of Thy wondrous power that they may manifest Thy power before the gaze of all mankind.

  [53] AB07124 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Who art generous and merciful! We are servants of Thy threshold and are gathered beneath the sheltering shadow of Thy divine unity. The sun of Thy mercy is shining upon all, and the clouds of Thy bounty shower upon all. Thy gifts encompass all, Thy loving providence sustains all, Thy protection overshadows all, and the glances of Thy favor are cast upon all. O Lord! Grant Thine infinite bestowals, and let the light of Thy guidance shine. Illumine the eyes, gladden the hearts with abiding joy. Confer a new spirit upon all people and bestow upon them eternal life. Unlock the gates of true understanding and let the light of faith shine resplendent. Gather all people beneath the shadow of Thy bounty and cause them to unite in harmony, so that they may become as the rays of one sun, as the waves of one ocean, and as the fruit of one tree. May they drink from the same fountain. May they be refreshed by the same breeze. May they receive illumination from the same source of light. Thou art the Giver, the Merciful, the Omnipotent.

  [54] BH07105 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee, by Thy Most Great Name through which Thou didst stir up Thy servants and build up Thy cities, and by Thy most excellent titles, and Thy most august attributes, to assist Thy people to turn in the direction of Thy manifold bounties, and set their faces towards the Tabernacle of Thy wisdom.  Heal Thou the sicknesses that have assailed the souls on every side, and have deterred them from directing their gaze towards the Paradise that lieth in the shelter of Thy shadowing Name, which Thou didst ordain to be the King of all names unto all who are in heaven and all who are on earth.  Potent art Thou to do as pleaseth Thee.  In Thy hands is the empire of all names.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Wise.
      Last:  Thou art truly the Lord of this life and of the next.  Thou art, in truth, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

  [55] AB11605 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!  O God, my God!  Bestow upon me a pure heart, like unto a pearl.

  [56] AB04980HOP (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Thou art my Hope and my Beloved, my highest Aim and Desire!  With great humbleness and entire devotion I pray to Thee to make me a minaret of Thy love in Thy land, a lamp of Thy knowledge among Thy creatures, and a banner of divine bounty in Thy dominion.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the All-Powerful.

  [57] BB00147GRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Provide for the speedy growth of the Tree of Thy divine Unity; water it then, O Lord, with the flowing waters of Thy good-pleasure, and cause it, before the revelations of Thy divine assurance, to yield such fruits as Thou desirest for Thy glorification and exaltation, Thy praise and thanksgiving, and to magnify Thy Name, to laud the oneness of Thine Essence and to offer adoration unto Thee, inasmuch as all this lieth within Thy grasp and in that of none other.
      Last:  Great is the blessedness of those whose blood Thou hast chosen wherewith to water the Tree of Thine affirmation, and thus to exalt Thy holy and immutable Word.

  [58] BH07663 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O Lord my God! Behold Thou mine eye expectant to gaze on the wonders of Thy mercy, and mine ear longing to hearken unto Thy sweet melodies, and my heart yearning for the living waters of Thy knowledge. Thou seest Thy handmaiden, O my God, standing before the habitation of Thy mercy, and calling upon Thee by Thy name which Thou hast chosen above all other names and set up over all that are in heaven and on earth. Send down upon her the breaths of Thy mercy, that she may be carried away wholly from herself, and be drawn entirely towards the seat which, resplendent with the glory of Thy face, sheddeth afar the radiance of Thy sovereignty, and is established as Thy throne. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there beside Thee, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

  [59] BB00018ANG (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  There is no one but Thee to allay the anguish of my soul, and Thou art my highest aspiration, O my God.  My heart is wedded to none save Thee and such as Thou dost love.  I solemnly declare that my life and death are both for Thee.  Verily Thou art incomparable and hast no partner.
      Last:  O my God!  I beseech Thee by the evidences of Thy favor, to let me draw nigh to the sublime heights of Thy holy presence, and protect me from inclining myself toward the subtle allusions of aught else but Thee.  Guide my steps, O my God, unto that which is acceptable and pleasing to Thee.  Shield me, through Thy might, from the fury of Thy wrath and chastisement, and hold me back from entering habitations not desired by Thee.

  [60] BH10231 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how the wrongs committed by such of Thy creatures as have turned their backs to Thee have come in between Him in Whom Thy Godhead is manifest and Thy servants.  Send down upon them, O my Lord, what will cause them to be busied with each others' concerns.  Let, then, their violence be confined to their own selves, that the land and they that dwell therein may find peace.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [61] BH05543 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I give Thee thanks inasmuch as Thou hast called me into being in Thy days, and infused into me Thy love and Thy knowledge.  I beseech Thee, by Thy name whereby the goodly pearls of Thy wisdom and Thine utterance were brought forth out of the treasuries of the hearts of such of Thy servants as are nigh unto Thee, and through which the Daystar of Thy name, the Compassionate, hath shed its radiance upon all that are in Thy heaven and on Thy earth, to supply me, by Thy grace and bounty, with Thy wondrous and hidden bounties.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds.

  [62] AB03461MAR (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Bahá’í marriage is union and cordial affection between the two parties.  They must, however, exercise the utmost care and become acquainted with each other's character.  This eternal bond should be made secure by a firm covenant, and the intention should be to foster harmony, fellowship and unity and to attain everlasting life.” —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  “We will, all, verily, abide by the Will of God.”

  [63] BH09809 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how Thy loved ones have been encompassed by the rebellious amongst Thy creatures and the wicked amidst Thy people.  No land remaineth but the lamentation of Thy lovers and the wailing of Thy chosen ones were lifted up therein.  I beseech Thee by Thy Most Great Name to draw forth the hand of power from the bosom of Thy might and to assist therewith all them that love Thee.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Informed.

  [64] AB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God!  Grant Thy favour, and bestow Thy blessing.  Vouchsafe Thy grace, and give a portion of Thy bounty.  Enable these men to witness during this year the fulfilment of their hopes.
      Last:  Send down Thy heavenly rain, and provide Thy plenteousness and abundance.  Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty.

  [65] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

  [66] BH00009GRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I have risen this morning by Thy grace, O my God, and left my home trusting wholly in Thee, and committing myself to Thy care.  Send down, then, upon me, out of the heaven of Thy mercy, a blessing from Thy side, and enable me to return home in safety even as Thou didst enable me to set out under Thy protection with my thoughts fixed steadfastly upon Thee.
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Incomparable, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [67] AB07155WOM (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: My Lord! My Lord! I praise Thee and I thank Thee for that whereby Thou hast favored Thine humble maidservant, Thy slave beseeching and supplicating Thee, because Thou hast verily guided her unto Thine obvious Kingdom and caused her to hear thine exalted Call in the contingent world and to behold thy Signs which prove the appearance of Thy victorious reign over all things.
      Last:  O my Lord, I dedicate that which is in my womb unto Thee. Then cause it to be a praiseworthy child in Thy Kingdom and a fortunate one by Thy favor and Thy generosity; to develop and to grow up under the charge of Thine education. Verily, Thou art the Gracious! Verily, Thou art the Lord of Great Favor!

  [68] BB00147ORD (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Ordain for me, O my Lord, and for those who believe in Thee that which is deemed best for us in Thine estimation, as set forth in the Mother Book, for within the grasp of Thy hand Thou holdest the determined measures of all things.
      Last:  There is no power nor strength except in God, the Most Exalted, the Most Mighty.

  [69] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

  [70] BH08824 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified, O Lord my God, be Thy Name, whereby the trees of the garden of Thy Revelation have been clad with verdure, and been made to yield the fruits of holiness during this Springtime when the sweet savors of Thy favors and blessings have been wafted over all things, and caused them to bring forth whatsoever had been preordained for them in the Kingdom of Thine irrevocable decree and the Heaven of Thine immutable purpose. I beseech Thee by this very Name not to suffer me to be far from the court of Thy holiness, nor debarred from the exalted sanctuary of Thy unity and oneness.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XCVI

  [71] AB00156LOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest me, O my God, bowed down in lowliness, humbling myself before Thy commandments, submitting to Thy sovereignty, trembling at the might of Thy dominion, fleeing from Thy wrath, entreating Thy grace, relying upon Thy forgiveness, shaking with awe at Thy fury.  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart, with streaming tears and a yearning soul, and in complete detachment from all things, to make Thy lovers as rays of light across Thy realms, and to aid Thy chosen servants to exalt Thy Word, that their faces may turn beauteous and bright with splendor, that their hearts may be filled with mysteries, and that every soul may lay down its burden of sin.  Guard them then from the aggressor, from him who hath become a shameless and blasphemous doer of wrong.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art He of abounding grace.  There is none other God save Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Ever-Bestowing.

  [72] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [73] BH00593 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God our Lord!  Protect us through Thy grace from whatsoever may be repugnant unto Thee, and vouchsafe unto us that which well beseemeth Thee.  Give us more out of Thy bounty, and bless us.  Pardon us for the things we have done, and wash away our sins, and forgive us with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Most Exalted, the Self-Subsisting.
      Last:  Thou art the Sovereign Ruler, the Mighty Doer, the Exalted, the All-Loving.

  [74] BH09404 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified art Thou, O Lord of the entire creation, the One unto Whom all things must turn.  With my inner and outer tongues I bear witness that thou hast manifested and revealed Thyself, sent down Thy signs, and proclaimed Thy testimonies.  I testify to Thy self-sufficiency from aught else except Thee, and Thy sanctity above all earthly things.  I entreat Thee by the transcendent glory of Thy Cause and the supreme potency of Thy Word to grant confirmation unto him who desireth to offer what Thou hast prescribed unto him in Thy Book and to observe that which will shed forth the fragrance of Thine acceptance.  Verily Thou art the All-Mighty, the All-Gracious, the All-Forgiving, the All-Generous.

  [75] BB00015SUF (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Say: God sufficeth all things above all things, and nothing in the heavens or in the earth but God sufficeth.  Verily, He is in Himself the Knower, the Sustainer, the Omnipotent.

  [76] BH02848 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God and my Master!  I am Thy servant and the son of Thy servant. I have risen from my couch at this dawntide when the Daystar of Thy oneness hath shone forth from the Dayspring of Thy will, and hath shed its radiance upon the whole world, according to what had been ordained in the Books of Thy Decree.
      Last:  Thou art, truly, the Lord and King of all men, and art potent over all things.

  [77] BH03629GRI (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Dispel my grief by Thy bounty and Thy generosity, O God, my God, and banish mine anguish through Thy sovereignty and Thy might.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face set towards Thee at a time when sorrows have compassed me on every side.  I implore Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all being, and overshadowest all things visible and invisible, by Thy Name whereby Thou hast subdued the hearts and the souls of men, and by the billows of the Ocean of Thy mercy and the splendors of the Daystar of Thy bounty, to number me with them whom nothing whatsoever hath deterred from setting their faces toward Thee, O Thou Lord of all names and Maker of the heavens!
      Last:  And, finally, I beg of Thee by the light of Thy countenance to bless my affairs, and redeem my debts, and satisfy my needs.  Thou art He to Whose power and to Whose dominion every tongue hath testified, and Whose majesty and Whose sovereignty every understanding heart hath acknowledged.  No God is there but Thee, Who hearest and art ready to answer.

  [78] BH07683 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O King of eternity, and the Maker of nations, and the Fashioner of every moldering bone!  I pray Thee, by Thy Name through which Thou didst call all mankind unto the horizon of Thy majesty and glory, and didst guide Thy servants to the court of Thy grace and favors, to number me with such as have rid themselves from everything except Thyself, and have set themselves towards Thee, and have not been kept back by such misfortunes as were decreed by Thee, from turning in the direction of Thy gifts.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

  [79] BH00634 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be unto Thee, O Lord.  Forgive us our sins, have mercy upon us and enable us to return unto Thee.  Suffer us not to rely on aught else besides Thee, and vouchsafe unto us, through Thy bounty, that which Thou lovest and desirest and well beseemeth Thee.  Exalt the station of them that have truly believed, and forgive them with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [80] BH09289 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me, O my God, to draw nigh unto Thee, and to abide within the precincts of Thy court, for remoteness from Thee hath well-nigh consumed me.  Cause me to rest under the shadow of the wings of Thy grace, for the flame of my separation from Thee hath melted my heart within me.  Draw me nearer unto the river that is life indeed, for my soul burneth with thirst in its ceaseless search after Thee.  My sighs, O my God, proclaim the bitterness of mine anguish, and the tears I shed attest my love for Thee.
      Last:  Glorified be Thy name, O Thou Who art the King of all Kings!

  [81] AB00553 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Fill up for me the cup of detachment from all things, and in the assembly of Thy splendors and bestowals, rejoice me with the wine of loving Thee.  Free me from the assaults of passion and desire, break off from me the shackles of this nether world, draw me with rapture unto Thy supernal realm, and refresh me amongst the handmaids with the breathing of Thy holiness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Powerful, the Ever-Giving, the Able, the Omnipotent.

  [82] AB00189AID (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Aid Thou Thy trusted servants to have loving and tender hearts.  Help them to spread, amongst all the nations of the earth, the light of guidance that cometh from the Company on high. Verily, Thou art the Strong, the Powerful, the Mighty, the All-Subduing, the Ever-Giving.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Gentle, the Tender, the Most Bountiful.

  [83] BH07721 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou didst lift up the ensigns of Thy guidance, and didst shed the radiance of Thy loving-kindness, and didst reveal the sovereignty of Thy Lordship; through which the lamp of Thy names hath appeared within the niche of Thine attributes, and He Who is the Tabernacle of Thy unity and the Manifestation of detachment hath shone forth; through which the ways of Thy guidance were made known, and the paths of Thy good pleasure were marked out; through which the foundations of error have been made to tremble, and the signs of wickedness have been abolished; through which the fountains of wisdom have burst forth, and the heavenly table hath been sent down; through which Thou didst preserve Thy servants and didst vouchsafe Thy healing; through which Thou didst show forth Thy tender mercies unto Thy servants and revealedst Thy forgiveness amidst Thy creatures—I implore Thee to keep safe him who hath held fast and returned unto Thee, and clung to Thy mercy, and seized the hem of Thy loving providence.  Send down, then, upon him Thy healing, and make him whole, and endue him with a constancy vouchsafed by Thee, and a tranquillity bestowed by Thy highness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Healer, the Preserver, the Helper, the Almighty, the Powerful, the All-Glorious, the All-Knowing.

  [84] AB10685 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou most glorious Lord!  Make this little maidservant of Thine blessed and happy; cause her to be cherished at the threshold of Thy oneness, and let her drink deep from the cup of Thy love so that she may be filled with rapture and ecstasy and diffuse sweet-scented fragrance.  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

  [85] BH09162 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Whose face is the object of the adoration of all that yearn after Thee, Whose presence is the hope of such as are wholly devoted to Thy will, Whose nearness is the desire of all that have drawn nigh unto Thy court, Whose countenance is the companion of those who have recognized Thy truth, Whose name is the mover of the souls that long to behold Thy face, Whose voice is the true life of Thy lovers, the words of Whose mouth are as the waters of life unto all who are in heaven and on earth!
      Last:  No God is there beside Thee, the Mighty, the Ever-Abiding, the All-Bounteous, the Most Generous.

  [86] AB00963IMP (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart and streaming tears to aid whosoever expendeth his energy for the erection of this House, and the construction of this Building wherein Thy name is mentioned every morn and every eve.
      Last:  O God!  Send down Thy divine increase on whosoever endeavoreth to serve this edifice and exerteth himself to raise it amongst the kindreds and religions of the world.  Confirm him in every good deed in promoting the welfare of mankind.  Open Thou the doors of wealth and abundance unto him and make him an heir to the treasures of the Kingdom, which perish not.  Make him a sign of Thy bestowals among the peoples and reinforce him by the sea of Thy generosity and bounty, surging with waves of Thy grace and favor.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful and the Bountiful.

  [87] BB00018MAJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: All majesty and glory, O my God, and all dominion and light and grandeur and splendor be unto Thee.  Thou bestowest sovereignty on whom Thou willest and dost withhold it from whom Thou desirest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.  Thou art He Who createth from naught the universe and all that dwell therein. There is nothing worthy of Thee except Thyself, while all else but Thee are as outcasts in Thy holy presence and are as nothing when compared to the glory of Thine Own Being.
      Last:  * 1. Qur'án 6:103

  [88] AB00065STE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord and my Hope!  Help Thou Thy loved ones to be steadfast in Thy mighty Covenant, to remain faithful to Thy manifest Cause, and to carry out the commandments Thou didst set down for them in Thy Book of Splendors; that they may become banners of guidance and lamps of the Company above, wellsprings of Thine infinite wisdom, and stars that lead aright, as they shine down from the supernal sky.
      Last:  Verily, art Thou the Invincible, the Almighty, the All-Powerful.

  [89] BH09085 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The Prayer for the Dead is the only Bahá’í obligatory prayer that is to be recited in congregation; it is to be recited by one believer while all present stand in silence.  Bahá’u’lláh has clarified that this prayer is required only when the deceased is over the age of fifteen, that its recital must precede interment, and that there is no requirement to face the Qiblih during its recitation.  “Alláh-u-Abhá” is said once; then the first of the six verses is recited nineteen times.  Then “Alláh-u-Abhá” is said again, followed by the second verse, which is recited nineteen times, and so on.
      Last:  *(If the dead be a woman, let him say: This is Thy handmaiden and the daughter of Thy handmaiden, etc...)

  [90] AB02596 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord!  O my Lord!  These two bright orbs are wedded in Thy love, conjoined in servitude to Thy Holy Threshold, united in ministering to thy Cause.  Make Thou this marriage to be as threading lights of Thine abounding grace, O my Lord, the All-Merciful, and luminous rays of Thy bestowals, O Thou the Beneficent, the Ever-Giving, that there may branch out from this great tree boughs that will grow green and flourishing through the gifts that rain down from Thy clouds of grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous.  Verily, Thou art the Compassionate, the All-Merciful.

  [91] ABU0394GAT (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  This gathering is turning to Thee.  These hearts are radiant with Thy love.  These minds and spirits are exhilarated by the message of Thy glad-tidings.  O God!  Let this American democracy become glorious in spiritual degrees even as it has aspired to material degrees, and render this just government victorious.  Confirm this revered nation to upraise the standard of the oneness of humanity, to promulgate the Most Great Peace, to become thereby most glorious and praiseworthy among all the nations of the world.  O God! This American nation is worthy of Thy favors and is deserving of Thy mercy.  Make it precious and near to Thee through Thy bounty and bestowal.

  [92] BH11278RIV (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Make manifest the rivers of Thy sovereign might, that the waters of Thy Unity may flow through the inmost realities of all things, in such wise that the banner of Thine unfailing guidance may be raised aloft in the kingdom of Thy command and the stars of Thy divine splendor may shine brightly in the heaven of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou, verily, art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [93] AB02825 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise and glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  This is a choice sapling which Thou hast planted in the meads of Thy love and hast nurtured with the fingers of Thy Lordship.  Thou hast watered it from the well-spring of everlasting life which streameth forth from the gardens of Thy oneness and Thou hast caused the clouds of Thy tender mercy to shower Thy favors upon it.  It hath now grown and developed beneath the shelter of Thy blessings which are manifest from the Dayspring of Thy divine essence.  It hath burst forth into leaves and blossoms, is laden with fruit through the providence of Thy wondrous gifts and bounties and is stirred by the fragrant breeze wafting from the direction of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the All-Powerful, the All-Glorious, the Omnipotent.

  [94] BH06296 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: From the sweet-scented streams of Thine eternity give me to drink, O my God, and of the fruits of the tree of Thy being enable me to taste, O my Hope!  From the crystal springs of Thy love suffer me to quaff, O my Glory, and beneath the shadow of Thine everlasting providence let me abide, O my Light!  Within the meadows of Thy nearness, before Thy presence, make me able to roam, O my Beloved, and at the right hand of the throne of Thy mercy, seat me, O my Desire!  From the fragrant breezes of Thy joy let a breath pass over me, O my Goal, and into the heights of the paradise of Thy reality let me gain admission, O my Adored One!  To the melodies of the dove of Thy oneness suffer me to hearken, O Resplendent One, and through the spirit of Thy power and Thy might quicken me, O my Provider!  In the spirit of Thy love keep me steadfast, O my Succorer, and in the path of Thy good pleasure set firm my steps, O my Maker!  Within the garden of Thine immortality, before Thy countenance, let me abide for ever, O Thou Who art merciful unto me, and upon the seat of Thy glory stablish me, O Thou Who art my Possessor!  To the heaven of Thy loving-kindness lift me up, O my Quickener, and unto the Daystar of Thy guidance lead me, O Thou my Attractor!  Before the revelations of Thine invisible spirit summon me to be present, O Thou Who art my Origin and my Highest Wish, and unto the essence of the fragrance of Thy beauty, which Thou wilt manifest, cause me to return, O Thou Who art my God!
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou art, verily, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the All-Highest.

  [95] AB10492 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind lord!
      Last:  Thou art the Bestower, the All-Loving.

  [96] AB00314HOR (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  From the horizon of detachment Thou hast manifested souls that, even as the shining moon, shed radiance upon the realm of heart and soul, rid themselves from the attributes of the world of existence and hastened forth unto the kingdom of immortality.  With a drop from the ocean of Thy loving-kindness Thou didst oft-times moisten the gardens of their hearts until they gained incomparable freshness and beauty.  The holy fragrance of Thy divine unity was diffused far and wide, shedding its sweet savors over the entire world, causing the regions of the earth to be redolent with perfume.
      Last:  O Thou kind Lord!  Grant that this youth may attain unto that which is the highest aspiration of the holy ones.  Endow him with the wings of Thy strengthening grace—wings of detachment and divine aid—that he may soar thereby into the atmosphere of Thy tender mercy, be able to partake of Thy celestial bestowals, may become a sign of divine guidance and a standard of the Concourse on high.  Thou art the Potent, the Powerful, the Seeing, the Hearing.

  [97] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

  [98] AB00787SPL (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, O Thou Who hast cast Thy splendor over the luminous realities of men, shedding upon them the resplendent lights of knowledge and guidance, and hast chosen them out of all created things for this supernal grace, and hast caused them to encompass all things, to understand their inmost essence, and to disclose their mysteries, bringing them forth out of darkness into the visible world! “He verily showeth His special mercy to whomsoever He will.”¹
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 55:19-22.

  [99] ABU0095KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou forgiving God! These servants are turning to Thy kingdom and seeking Thy grace and bounty. O God! Make their hearts good and pure in order that they may become worthy of Thy love. Purify and sanctify the spirits that the light of the Sun of Reality may shine upon them. Purify and sanctify the eyes that they may perceive Thy light. Purify and sanctify the ears in order that they may hear the call of Thy kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Powerful the Omnipotent, the Merciful, and Thou art the Generous, the Beneficent, the Lord of grace abounding.

  [100] BB00554 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord, my Best Beloved!  Make me steadfast in Thy Cause, and grant that I may be reckoned among those who have not violated Thy Covenant nor followed the gods of their own idle fancy.
      Last:  Grant, O my God, that I may not be reckoned among those whose ears are deaf, whose eyes are blind, whose tongues are speechless and whose hearts have failed to comprehend.  Deliver me, O Lord, from the fire of ignorance and of selfish desire, suffer me to be admitted into the precincts of Thy transcendent mercy and send down upon me that which Thou hast ordained for Thy chosen ones.  Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [101] BH09874 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! Every man of insight confesseth Thy sovereignty and Thy dominion, and every discerning eye perceiveth the greatness of Thy majesty and the compelling power of Thy might. The winds of tests are powerless to hold back them that enjoy near access to Thee from setting their faces towards the horizon of Thy glory, and the tempests of trials must fail to draw away and hinder such as are wholly devoted to Thy will from approaching Thy court.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my God, by them and by the sighs which their hearts utter in their separation from Thee, to keep them safe from the mischief of Thine adversaries, and to nourish their souls with what Thou hast ordained for Thy loved ones on whom shall come no fear and who shall not be put to grief.

  [102] AB05652WIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 56:62.

  [103] BH03181 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Bestower, the Bounteous!
      Last:  And when He desired to manifest grace and beneficence to men, and to set the world in order, He revealed observances and created laws; among them He established the law of marriage, made it as a fortress for well-being and salvation, and enjoined it upon us in that which was sent down out of the heaven of sanctity in His Most Holy Book.  He saith, great is His glory: “Enter into wedlock, O people, that ye may bring forth one who will make mention of me amid My servants.  This is My bidding unto you; hold fast to it as an assistance to yourselves.”

  [104] AB00687SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou, my God, Who guidest the seeker to the pathway that leadeth aright, Who deliverest the lost and blinded soul out of the wastes of perdition, Thou Who bestowest upon the sincere great bounties and favors, Who guardest the frightened within Thine impregnable refuge, Who answerest, from Thine all-highest horizon, the cry of those who cry out unto Thee.  Praised be Thou, O my Lord!  Thou hast guided the distracted out of the death of unbelief, and hast brought those who draw nigh unto Thee to the journey's goal, and hast rejoiced the assured among Thy servants by granting them their most cherished desires, and hast, from Thy Kingdom of beauty, opened before the faces of those who yearn after Thee the gates of reunion, and hast rescued them from the fires of deprivation and loss—so that they hastened unto Thee and gained Thy presence, and arrived at Thy welcoming door, and received of gifts an abundant share.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Ever-Giving, the Precious, the Most Bountiful.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Exalted, the Victorious.

  [105] ABU0023UNI (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Verily, I invoke Thee and supplicate before Thy threshold, asking Thee that all Thy mercies may descend upon these souls.  Specialize them for Thy favor and Thy truth.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Almighty, the Self-Subsistent, the Giver, the Forgiving, the Pardoner, the Omniscient, the One Creator.

  [106] BH09399 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  My face hath been set towards Thy face, and my face is, verily, Thy face, and my call is Thy call, and my Revelation Thy Revelation, and my self Thy Self, and my Cause Thy Cause, and my behest Thy behest, and my Being Thy Being, and my sovereignty Thy sovereignty, and my glory Thy glory, and my power Thy power.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the Self-Subsisting.

  [107] AB02000DIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord! In this Most Great Dispensation Thou dost accept the intercession of children in behalf of their parents.  This is one of the special infinite bestowals of this Dispensation.  Therefore, O Thou kind Lord, accept the request of this Thy servant at the threshold of Thy singleness and submerge his father in the ocean of Thy grace, because this son hath arisen to render Thee service and is exerting effort at all times in the pathway of Thy love.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, the Forgiver and the Kind!

  [108] AB00774SAB (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Come ye together in gladness unalloyed, and at the beginning of the meeting, recite ye this prayer:
      Last:  O Thou our Provider!  Send down Thine aid, that each one gathered here may become a lighted candle, each one a center of attraction, each one a summoner to Thy heavenly realms, till at last we make this nether world the mirror image of Thy Paradise.

  [109] BH02307 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *(This Tablet is read at the Shrines of Bahá’u’lláh and the Báb. It is also frequently used in commemorating Their anniversaries.)
      Last:  Bless Thou, O Lord my God, the Divine Lote-Tree and its leaves, and its boughs, and its branches, and its stems, and its offshoots, as long as Thy most excellent titles will endure and Thy most august attributes will last.  Protect it, then, from the mischief of the aggressor and the hosts of tyranny.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.  Bless Thou, also, O Lord my God, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens who have attained unto Thee.  Thou, truly, art the All-Bountiful, Whose grace is infinite.  No God is there save Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [110] BH00868WIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: My God, Whom I worship and adore!  I bear witness unto Thy unity and Thy oneness, and acknowledge Thy gifts, both in the past and in the present.  Thou art the All-Bountiful, the overflowing showers of Whose mercy have rained down upon high and low alike, and the splendors of Whose grace have been shed over both the obedient and the rebellious.
      Last:  All are but poor and needy, and Thou, verily, art the All-Possessing, the All-Subduing, the All-Powerful.

  [111] AB08704NEW (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Bless Thou, O King of Kings, the city of New York!  Cause the friends there to be kind to one another.  Purify their souls and make their hearts to be free and detached.  Illumine the world of their consciousness.  Exhilarate their spirits and bestow celestial power and confirmation upon them.  Establish there a heavenly realm, so that the City of Baha may prosper and New York be favoured with blessings from the Abha Kingdom, that this region may become like the all-highest Paradise, may develop into a vineyard of God and be transformed into a heavenly orchard and a spiritual rose garden.

  [112] BH09024 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Many a chilled heart, O my God, hath been set ablaze by the fire of Thy Cause, and many a slumberer hath been wakened by the sweetness of Thy voice.  How many are the strangers who have sought shelter beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness, and how numerous the thirsty ones who have panted after the fountain of Thy living waters in Thy days!
      Last:  Thy might, in truth, is equal to all things.

  [113] BH00223MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Say: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name through which the splendor of the light of wisdom shone resplendent when the heavens of divine utterance were set in motion amidst mankind, to graciously aid me by Thy heavenly confirmations and enable me to extol Thy Name amongst Thy servants.
      Last:  Verily, potent art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest, and in Thy grasp Thou holdest the kingdom of creation.  There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

  [114] BH07426DRE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou, at Whose dreadful majesty all things have trembled, in Whose grasp are the affairs of all men, towards Whose grace and mercy are set the faces of all Thy creatures!  I entreat Thee, by Thy Name which Thou hast ordained to be the spirit of all names that are in the kingdom of names, to shield us from the whisperings of those who have turned away from Thee, and have repudiated the truth of Thy most august and most exalted Self, in this Revelation that hath caused the kingdom of Thy names to tremble.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the God of power, of strength and glory.

  [115] BH02898MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God! I am the one who hath turned his face towards Thee and hath placed his whole reliance in Thee. I implore Thee by Thy Name whereby the ocean of Thine utterance hath surged and the breezes of Thy knowledge have stirred, to grant that I may be graciously aided to serve Thy Cause and be inspired to remember Thee and praise Thee. Send down then upon me from the heaven of Thy generosity that which will preserve me from anyone but Thee and will profit me in all Thy worlds.
      Last:  * Tablets, p. 268-269.

  [116] BH11205 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [117] AB00128FEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! These are Thy feeble servants; they are Thy loyal bondsmen and Thy handmaidens, who have bowed themselves down before Thine exalted Utterance and humbled themselves at Thy Threshold of light, and borne witness to Thy oneness through which the Sun hath been made to shine in midday splendor. They have listened to the summons Thou didst raise from out Thy hidden Realm, and with hearts quivering with love and rapture, they have responded to Thy call.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Mighty, the Exalted, the Powerful, He Who alone, in the heavens and on the earth, abideth unchanged. There is none other God save Thee, the Lord of manifest tokens and signs.

  [118] BB00485TRE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I am aware, O Lord, that my trespasses have covered my face with shame in Thy presence, and have burdened my back before Thee, have intervened between me and Thy beauteous countenance, have compassed me from every direction and have hindered me on all sides from gaining access unto the revelations of Thy celestial power.
      Last:  O Lord!  If Thou forgivest me not, who is there then to grant pardon, and if Thou hast no mercy upon me who is capable of showing compassion?  Glory be unto Thee, Thou didst create me when I was non-existent and Thou didst nourish me while I was devoid of any understanding.  Praise be unto Thee, every evidence of bounty proceedeth from Thee and every token of grace emanateth from the treasuries of Thy decree.

  [119] AB09139 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! O my God! This, Thy servant, hath advanced towards Thee, is passionately wandering in the desert of Thy love, walking in the path of Thy service, anticipating Thy favors, hoping for Thy bounty, relying upon Thy kingdom, and intoxicated by the wine of Thy gift. O my God! Increase the fervor of his affection for Thee, the constancy of his praise of Thee, and the ardor of his love for Thee.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Most Generous, the Lord of grace abounding. There is no other God but Thee, the Forgiving, the Merciful.

  [120] BH06429 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Thou art He the fire of Whose love hath set ablaze the hearts of them who have recognized Thy unity, and the splendors of Whose countenance have illuminated the faces of such as have drawn nigh unto Thy court.  How plenteous, O my God, is the stream of Thy knowledge!  How sweet, O my Beloved, is the injury which, in my love for Thee, and for the sake of Thy pleasure, I suffer from the darts of the wicked doers!  How pleasing are the wounds which, in Thy path and in order to proclaim Thy Faith, I sustain from the swords of the infidels!
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do what Thou pleasest.  Thou art, verily, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [121] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [122] ABU0268AME (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  This gathering is turning to Thee.  These hearts are radiant with Thy love.  These minds and spirits are exhilarated by the message of Thy glad-tidings.  O God!  Let this American democracy become glorious in spiritual degrees even as it has aspired to material degrees, and render this just government victorious.  Confirm this revered nation to upraise the standard of the oneness of humanity, to promulgate the Most Great Peace, to become thereby most glorious and praiseworthy among all the nations of the world.  O God! This American nation is worthy of Thy favors and is deserving of Thy mercy.  Make it precious and near to Thee through Thy bounty and bestowal.

  [123] AB03896MAJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! O my God! Verily, thy servant, humble before the majesty of Thy divine supremacy, lowly at the door of Thy oneness, hath believed in Thee and in Thy verses, hath testified to Thy word, hath been enkindled with the fire of Thy love, hath been immersed in the depths of the ocean of Thy knowledge, hath been attracted by Thy breezes, hath relied upon his supplications to Thee, and hath been assured of Thy pardon and forgiveness. He hath abandoned this mortal life and hath flown to the kingdom of immortality, yearning for the favor of meeting Thee.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Powerful, the Forgiver and the Bestower.

  [124] BH08600TES (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Whose tests are a healing medicine to such as are nigh unto Thee, Whose sword is the ardent desire of all them that love Thee, Whose dart is the dearest wish of those hearts that yearn after Thee, Whose decree is the sole hope of them that have recognized Thy truth! I implore Thee, by Thy divine sweetness and by the splendors of the glory of Thy face, to send down upon us from Thy retreats on high that which will enable us to draw nigh unto Thee.  Set, then, our feet firm, O my God, in Thy Cause, and enlighten our hearts with the effulgence of Thy knowledge, and illumine our breasts with the brightness of Thy names.

  [125] AB04620 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Prayer to be said at the close of the meeting of the Spiritual Assembly.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful.  Thou art the Possessor of great bounty, and, verily, Thou art the Clement and the Gracious.

  [126] AB00204PRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind and loving Providence!  The east is astir and the west surgeth even as the eternal billows of the sea.  The gentle breezes of holiness are diffused and, from the Unseen Kingdom, the rays of the Orb of Truth shine forth resplendent.  The anthems of divine unity are being chanted and the ensigns of celestial might are waving.  The angelic Voice is raised and, even as the roaring of the leviathan, soundeth the call to selflessness and evanescence.  The triumphal cry Yá Bahá’u’l-Abhá resoundeth on every side, and the call Yá ‘Alíyyu’l-‘Alá¹ ringeth throughout all regions.  No stir is there in the world save that of the Glory of the One Ravisher of Hearts, and no tumult is there save the surging of the love of Him, the Incomparable, the Well-Beloved.
      Last:  * 1. O Thou the Exalted, the Most Exalted!

  [127] BH00870 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Healer, the Sufficer, the Helper, the All-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.
      Last:  Thou art verily the Powerful, the All-Sufficing, the Healing, the Protector, the Giving, the Compassionate, the All-Generous, the All-Merciful.

  [128] AB00065KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Praise be unto Thee for kindling the fire of divine love in the Holy Tree on the summit of the loftiest mount: that Tree which is “neither of the East nor of the West,”¹ that fire which blazed out till the flame of it soared upward to the Concourse on high, and from it those realities caught the light of guidance, and cried out: “Verily have we perceived a fire on the slope of Mount Sinai.”²
      Last:  *3. Qur’án 76:5.

  [129] BH00687 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most Ancient, the Most Great.
      Last:  Should all the servants read and ponder this, there shall be kindled in their veins a fire that shall set aflame the worlds.

  [130] BH07113 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Thou seest and knowest that I have called upon Thy servants to turn nowhere except in the direction of Thy bestowals, and have bidden them observe naught save the things Thou didst prescribe in Thy Perspicuous Book, the Book which hath been sent down according to Thine inscrutable decree and irrevocable purpose.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [131] AB00388COM (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Divine Providence! This assemblage is composed of Thy friends who are attracted to Thy beauty and are set ablaze by the fire of Thy love. Turn these souls into heavenly angels, resuscitate them through the breath of Thy Holy Spirit, grant them eloquent tongues and resolute hearts, bestow upon them heavenly power and merciful susceptibilities, cause them to become the promulgators of the oneness of mankind and the cause of love and concord in the world of humanity, so that the perilous darkness of ignorant prejudice may vanish through the light of the Sun of Truth, this dreary world may become illumined, this material realm may absorb the rays of the world of spirit, these different colors may merge into one color and the melody of praise may rise to the kingdom of Thy sanctity.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Omnipotent, and the Almighty!

  [132] AB00204PIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou divine Providence, pitiful are we, grant us Thy succour; homeless wanderers, give us Thy shelter; scattered, do Thou unite us; astray, gather us to Thy fold; bereft, do Thou bestow upon us a share and portion; athirst, lead us to the well-spring of Life; frail, strengthen us that we may arise to help Thy Cause and offer ourselves as a living sacrifice in the pathway of guidance.
      Last:  * Selections from the Writings, p. 315.

  [133] BB00490 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Lord of overpowering majesty, the All-Compelling.
      Last:  *1. The original of this prayer for protection is written in the Báb’s own hand, in the form of a pentacle.

  [134] BH07661 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I attempt to make mention of Thee, I am hindered by the sublimity of Thy station and the overpowering greatness of Thy might.  For were I to praise Thee throughout the length of Thy dominion and the duration of Thy sovereignty, I would find that my praise of Thee can befit only such as are like unto me, who are themselves Thy creatures, and who have been generated through the power of Thy decree and been fashioned through the potency of Thy will.  And at whatever time my pen ascribeth glory to any one of Thy names, methinks I can hear the voice of its lamentation in its remoteness from Thee, and can recognize its cry because of its separation from Thy Self.  I testify that everything other than Thee is but Thy creation and is held in the hollow of Thy hand.  To have accepted any act or praise from Thy creatures is but an evidence of the wonders of Thy grace and bountiful favors, and a manifestation of Thy generosity and providence.
      Last:  I entreat Thee, O my Lord, by Thy Most Great Name whereby Thou didst separate light from fire, and truth from denial, to send down upon me and upon such of my loved ones as are in my company the good of this world and of the next.  Supply us, then, with Thy wondrous gifts that are hid from the eyes of men.  Thou art, verily, the Fashioner of all creation.  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most High.

  [135] AB06012 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Compassionate, the All-Bountiful!  O God, my God!  Thou seest me, Thou knowest me; Thou art my Haven and my Refuge.  None have I sought nor any will I seek save Thee; no path have I trodden nor any will I tread but the path of Thy love.  In the darksome night of despair, my eye turneth expectant and full of hope to the morn of Thy boundless favor and at the hour of dawn my drooping soul is refreshed and strengthened in remembrance of Thy beauty and perfection.  He whom the grace of Thy mercy aideth, though he be but a drop, shall become the boundless ocean, and the merest atom which the outpouring of Thy loving kindness assisteth, shall shine even as the radiant star.
      Last:  Shelter under Thy protection, O Thou Spirit of purity, Thou Who art the All-Bountiful Provider, this enthralled, enkindled servant of Thine.  Aid him in this world of being to remain steadfast and firm in Thy love and grant that this broken-winged bird attain a refuge and shelter in Thy divine nest that abideth upon the celestial tree.

  [136] BH09508 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O my God!  I yield Thee thanks that Thou hast made known unto me Him who is the Dayspring of Thy mercy, and the Dawning-Place of Thy grace, and the Repository of Thy Cause.  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which the faces of them that are nigh unto Thee have turned white, and the hearts of such as are devoted to Thee have winged their flight towards Thee, to grant that I may, at all times and under all conditions, lay hold on Thy cord, and be rid of all attachment to anyone except Thee, and may keep mine eyes directed towards the horizon of Thy Revelation, and may carry out what Thou hast prescribed unto me in Thy Tablets.
      Last:  Thou, truly, art the Lord of all mankind, and the Possessor of this world and of the next.  No God is there save Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [137] AB01023SAE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Whenever ye enter the council-chamber, recite this prayer with a heart throbbing with the love of God and a tongue purified from all but His remembrance, that the All-Powerful may graciously aid you to achieve supreme victory.
      Last:  O God, my God!  We are servants of Thine that have turned with devotion to Thy Holy Face, that have detached ourselves from all besides Thee in this glorious Day.  We have gathered in this Spiritual Assembly, united in our views and thoughts, with our purposes harmonized to exalt Thy Word amidst mankind.  O Lord, our God!  Make us the signs of Thy Divine Guidance, the Standards of Thine exalted Faith amongst men, servants to Thy mighty Covenant, O Thou our Lord Most High, manifestations of Thy Divine Unity in Thine Abhá Kingdom, and resplendent stars shining upon all regions.  Lord!  Aid us to become seas surging with the billows of Thy wondrous Grace, streams flowing from Thine all-glorious Heights, goodly fruits upon the Tree of Thy heavenly Cause, trees waving through the breezes of Thy Bounty in Thy celestial Vineyard.  O God!  Make our souls dependent upon the Verses of Thy Divine Unity, our hearts cheered with the outpourings of Thy Grace, that we may unite even as the waves of one sea and become merged together as the rays of Thine effulgent Light; that our thoughts, our views, our feelings may become as one reality, manifesting the spirit of union throughout the world.  Thou art the Gracious, the Bountiful, the Bestower, the Almighty, the Merciful, the Compassionate.

  [138] AB02024 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Bountiful,the Mighty, the Omnipotent, the Unconstrained.  There is none other God but Thee, the God of love and tender mercy, the All-Glorious, the Ever-Forgiving.

  [139] AB08693 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Peerless Lord!  Be Thou a shelter for this poor child and a kind and forgiving Master unto this erring and unhappy soul.  O Lord!  Though we are but worthless plants, yet we belong to Thy garden of roses. Though saplings without leaves and blossoms, yet we are a part of Thine orchard.  Nurture this plant then through the outpourings of the clouds of Thy tender mercy and quicken and refresh this sapling through the reviving breath of Thy spiritual springtime.  Suffer him to become heedful, discerning and noble, and grant that he may attain eternal life and abide in Thy Kingdom for evermore.

  [140] BH07775 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  I have turned in repentance unto Thee, and verily Thou art the Pardoner, the Compassionate.
      Last:  I ask Thee, O Lord of all being and King of the seen and unseen, by Thy power, Thy majesty and Thy sovereignty, to grant that my name may be recorded by Thy pen of glory among Thy devoted ones, them whom the scrolls of the sinful hindered not from turning to the light of Thy countenance, O prayer-hearing, prayer-answering God!

  [141] BH10076 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord, my God!  This is a child that hath sprung from the loins of one of Thy servants to whom Thou hast granted a distinguished station in the Tablets of Thine irrevocable decree in the Books of Thy behest.
      Last:  I beseech Thee by Thy name, whereby everyone is enabled to attain the object of his desire, to grant that this child may become a more mature soul amongst Thy servants; cause him to shine forth through the power of Thy name, enable him to utter Thy praise, to set his face towards Thee and to draw nigh unto Thee.  Verily it is Thou Who hast, from everlasting, been powerful to do as Thou willest and Who wilt, to eternity, remain potent to do as Thou pleasest.  There is none other God but Thee, the Exalted, the August, the Subduer, the Mighty, the All-Compelling.

  [142] AB10769 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord, my Beloved, my Desire! Befriend me in my loneliness and accompany me in my exile. Remove my sorrow. Cause me to be devoted to Thy beauty. Withdraw me from all else save Thee. Attract me through Thy fragrances of holiness. Cause me to be associated in Thy Kingdom with those who are severed from all else save Thee, who long to serve Thy sacred threshold and who stand to work in Thy Cause. Enable me to be one of Thy maidservants who have attained to Thy good pleasure. Verily, Thou art the Gracious, the Generous.

  [143] BH00005SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest me, O my Lord, with my face turned towards the heaven of Thy bounty and the ocean of Thy favor, withdrawn from all else beside Thee.  I ask of Thee, by the splendors of the Sun of Thy revelation on Sinai, and the effulgences of the Orb of Thy grace which shineth from the horizon of Thy Name, the Ever-Forgiving, to grant me Thy pardon and to have mercy upon me.  Write down, then, for me with Thy pen of glory that which will exalt me through Thy Name in the world of creation.  Aid me, O my Lord, to set myself towards Thee, and to hearken unto the voice of Thy loved ones, whom the powers of the earth have failed to weaken, and the dominion of the nations has been powerless to withhold from Thee, and who, advancing towards Thee, have said: “God is our Lord, the Lord of all who are in heaven and all who are on earth!”

  [144] BB00001ABI (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

  [145] BH02753ENT (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O my compassionate Lord!  I entreat Thee by the tumult of the ocean of Thy holy utterance, and by the manifold tokens of Thy supreme sovereignty, and the compelling evidences of Thy Divinity, and the hidden mysteries that lie concealed within Thy knowledge, to give me Thy grace to serve Thee and Thy chosen ones, and enable me to dutifully offer Thy Huqúq which Thou hast ordained in Thy Book.
      Last:  I implore Thee, O Lord of all names and Creator of the heavens, to assist me to be steadfast in Thy Cause, through Thy strengthening grace, in such wise that the vanities of the world may not suffer me to be shut out as by a veil, nor to be hindered by the violent commotions of the wicked-doers who have risen up to lead Thy people astray in Thy days.  Destine for me then, O my heart's Desire, the good of this world and the world to come.  Verily Thou art powerful to do as Thou willest.  No God is there but Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [146] BH08822 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Him Who is Thy Most Great Name, Who hath been sorely afflicted by such of Thy creatures as have repudiated Thy truth, and Who hath been hemmed in by sorrows which no tongue can describe, to grant that I may remember Thee and celebrate Thy praise, in these days when all have turned away from Thy beauty, have disputed with Thee, and turned away disdainfully from Him Who is the Revealer of Thy Cause.  None is there, O my Lord, to help Thee except Thine own Self, and no power to succor Thee save Thine own power.
      Last:  I entreat Thee to enable me to cleave steadfastly in Thy love and Thy remembrance.  This is, verily, within my power, and Thou art the One that knoweth all that is in me.  Thou, in truth, art knowing, apprised of all.  Deprive me not, O my Lord, of the splendors of the light of Thy face,whose brightness hath illuminated the whole world.  No God is there beside Thee, the Most Powerful, the All-Glorious, the Ever-Forgiving.

  [147] BH04475 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I beg of Thee by Thy Name through which He Who is Thy Beauty hath been stablished upon the throne of Thy Cause, and by Thy Name through which Thou changest all things, and gatherest together all things, and callest to account all things, and rewardest all things, and preservest all things, and sustainest all things—I beg of Thee to guard this handmaiden who hath fled for refuge to Thee, and hath sought the shelter of Him in Whom Thou Thyself art manifest, and hath put her whole trust and confidence in Thee.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art immensely exalted above all else except Thyself. Thou art, verily, the Healer, the All-Sufficing, the Preserver, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

  [148] BH00009HOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: How can I choose to sleep, O God, my God, when the eyes of them that long for Thee are wakeful because of their separation from Thee; and how can I lie down to rest whilst the souls of Thy lovers are sore vexed in their remoteness from Thy presence?
      Last:  By Thy might!  I ask not, whether sleeping or waking, but that which Thou dost desire.  I am Thy servant and in Thy hands.  Do Thou graciously aid me to do what will shed forth the fragrance of Thy good pleasure.  This, truly, is my hope and the hope of them that enjoy near access to Thee.  Praised be Thou, O Lord of the worlds!

  [149] BH00438 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: My God, my Adored One, my King, my Desire!  What tongue can voice my thanks to Thee?  I was heedless, Thou didst awaken me.  I had turned back from Thee, Thou didst graciously aid me to turn towards Thee.  I was as one dead, Thou didst quicken me with the water of life.  I was withered, Thou didst revive me with the heavenly stream of Thine utterance which hath flowed forth from the Pen of the All-Merciful.
      Last:  O Divine Providence!  All existence is begotten by Thy bounty; deprive it not of the waters of Thy generosity, neither do Thou withhold it from the ocean of Thy mercy.  I beseech Thee to aid and assist me at all times and under all conditions, and seek from the heaven of Thy grace Thine ancient favor.  Thou art, in truth, the Lord of bounty, and the Sovereign of the kingdom of eternity.

  [150] BH08600FAC (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I am he, O my Lord, that hath set his face towards Thee, and fixed his hope on the wonders of Thy grace and the revelations of Thy bounty.  I pray Thee that Thou wilt not suffer me to turn away disappointed from the door of Thy mercy, nor abandon me to such of Thy creatures as have repudiated Thy Cause.
      Last:  I am, O my God, Thy servant and the son of Thy servant.  I have recognized Thy truth in Thy days, and have directed my steps towards the shores of Thy oneness, confessing Thy singleness, acknowledging Thy unity, and hoping for Thy forgiveness and pardon.  Powerful art Thou to do what Thou willest; no God is there beside Thee, the All-Glorious, the Ever-Forgiving.

  [151] ABU0137ALL (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! Thou hast created all humanity from the same stock. Thou hast decreed that all shall belong to the same household. In Thy Holy Presence they are all Thy servants, and all mankind are sheltered beneath Thy Tabernacle; all have gathered together at Thy Table of Bounty; all are illumined through the light of Thy Providence.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and Powerful, Thou art the Forgiving and Thou art the One Who overlooketh the shortcomings of all mankind.

  [152] BH01554HUQ (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified art Thou, O Lord of the entire creation, the One unto Whom all things must turn.  With my inner and outer tongues I bear witness that thou hast manifested and revealed Thyself, sent down Thy signs, and proclaimed Thy testimonies.  I testify to Thy self-sufficiency from aught else except Thee, and Thy sanctity above all earthly things.  I entreat Thee by the transcendent glory of Thy Cause and the supreme potency of Thy Word to grant confirmation unto him who desireth to offer what Thou hast prescribed unto him in Thy Book and to observe that which will shed forth the fragrance of Thine acceptance.  Verily Thou art the All-Mighty, the All-Gracious, the All-Forgiving, the All-Generous.

  [153] BH09401 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: All praise, O my God, be to Thee Who art the Source of all glory and majesty, of greatness and honor, of sovereignty and dominion, of loftiness and grace, of awe and power.  Whomsoever Thou willest Thou causest to draw nigh unto the Most Great Ocean, and on whomsoever Thou desirest Thou conferrest the honor of recognizing Thy Most Ancient Name.  Of all who are in heaven and on earth, none can withstand the operation of Thy sovereign Will.  From all eternity Thou didst rule the entire creation, and Thou wilt continue for evermore to exercise Thy dominion over all created things.  There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, The Most Exalted, the All-Powerful, the All-Wise.
      Last:  Illumine, O Lord, the faces of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee; and cleanse their hearts that they may turn unto the court of Thy heavenly favors, and recognize Him Who is the Manifestation of Thy Self and the Dayspring of Thine Essence.  Verily, Thou art the Lord of all worlds.  There is no God but Thee, the Unconstrained, the All-Subduing.

  [154] BH08363 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, Who art the Author of all Manifestations, the Source of all Sources, the Fountainhead of all Revelations, and the Wellspring of all Lights!  I testify that by Thy Name the heaven of understanding hath been adorned, and the ocean of utterance hath surged, and the dispensations of Thy providence have been promulgated unto the followers of all religions.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the God of strength and power, Who art meet to answer them that pray Thee.  There is no God save Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [155] BH03562 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the prayer-hearing, prayer-answering God!
      Last:  Thou art verily the Almighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate.

  [156] BH00009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God, my Master, the Goal of my desire!  This, Thy servant, seeketh to sleep in the shelter of Thy mercy, and to repose beneath the canopy of Thy grace, imploring Thy care and Thy protection.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Subduing, the Unconditioned.

  [157] BH03447 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: Medium Obligatory Prayer
      First: * Whoso wisheth to pray, let him wash his hands, and while he washeth, let him say:
      Last:  *"The daily obligatory prayers are three in number. ... The believer is entirely free to choose any one of these three prayers, but is under the obligation of reciting either one of them, and in accordance with any specific directions with which they may be accompanied." - from a letter written on behalf of Shoghi Effendi "By 'morning,' 'noon' and 'evening,' mentioned in connection with the Obligatory Prayers, is meant respectively the intervals between sunrise and noon, between noon and sunset, and from sunset till two hours after sunset." - Synopsis and Codification of the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, p. 36

  [158] BB00553 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy Name, O Lord our God!  Thou art in truth the Knower of things unseen.  Ordain for us such good as Thine all-embracing knowledge can measure.  Thou art the sovereign Lord, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.
      Last:  Say: God is indeed the Maker of all things.  He giveth sustenance in plenty to whomsoever He willeth.  He is the Creator, the Source of all beings, the Fashioner, the Almighty, the Maker, the All-Wise.  He is the Bearer of the most excellent titles throughout the heavens and the earth and whatever lieth between them.  All do His bidding, and all the dwellers of earth and heaven celebrate His praise, and unto Him shall all return.

  [159] BH00554 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God, the God of bounty and mercy! Thou art that King by Whose commanding word the whole creation hath been called into being; and Thou art that All-Bountiful One the doings of Whose servants have never hindered Him from showing forth His grace, nor have they frustrated the revelations of His bounty.
      Last:  Suffer this servant, I beseech Thee, to attain unto that which is the cause of his salvation in every world of Thy worlds.  Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the Most Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [160] ABU0030SHE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou forgiving Lord!  Thou art the shelter of all these Thy servants.  Thou knowest the secrets and art aware of all things.  We are all helpless, and Thou art the Mighty, the Omnipotent.  We are all sinners, and Thou art the Forgiver of sins, the Merciful, the Compassionate.  O Lord!  Look not at our shortcomings.  Deal with us according to Thy grace and bounty.  Our shortcomings are many, but the ocean of Thy forgiveness is boundless.  Our weakness is grievous, but the evidences of Thine aid and assistance are clear.  Therefore, confirm and strengthen us.  Enable us to do that which is worthy of Thy holy Threshold.  Illumine our hearts, grant us discerning eyes and attentive ears.  Resuscitate the dead and heal the sick.  Bestow wealth upon the poor and give peace and security to the fearful. Accept us in Thy kingdom and illumine us with the light of guidance. Thou art the Powerful and the Omnipotent.  Thou art the Generous. Thou art the Clement.  Thou art the Kind.

  [161] ABU0003DIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God!  Dispel all those elements which are the cause of discord, and prepare for us all those things which are the cause of unity and accord!  O God!  Descend upon us Heavenly Fragrance and change this gathering into a gathering of Heaven!  Grant to us every benefit and every food.  Prepare for us the Food of Love!  Give us the Food of Knowledge!  Bestow on us the Food of Heavenly Illumination!

  [162] BB00621 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised and glorified art Thou, O God!  Grant that the day of attaining Thy holy presence may be fast approaching.  Cheer our hearts through the potency of Thy love and good-pleasure, and bestow upon us steadfastness that we may willingly submit to Thy Will and Thy Decree. Verily, Thy knowledge embraceth all the things Thou hast created or wilt create, and Thy celestial might transcendeth whatsoever Thou hast called or wilt call into being.  There is none to be worshiped but Thee, there is none to be desired except Thee, there is none to be adored besides Thee and there is naught to be loved save Thy good-pleasure.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the supreme Ruler, the Sovereign Truth, the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [163] BH08242 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee, by Thy Name which none hath befittingly recognized, and whose import no soul hath fathomed; I beseech Thee, by Him Who is the Fountainhead of Thy Revelation and the Dayspring of Thy signs, to make my heart to be a receptacle of Thy love and of remembrance of Thee.  Knit it, then, to Thy most great Ocean, that from it may flow out the living waters of Thy wisdom and the crystal streams of Thy glorification and praise.
      Last:  Thou, verily, art the Most Powerful, the Most High, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [164] BH01125 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by Thy mighty Sign, and by the revelation of Thy grace amongst men, to cast me not away from the gate of the city of Thy presence, and to disappoint not the hopes I have set on the manifestations of Thy grace amidst Thy creatures.  Thou seest me, O my God, holding to Thy Name, the Most Holy, the Most Luminous, the Most Mighty, the Most Great, the Most Exalted, the Most Glorious, and clinging to the hem of the robe to which have clung all in this world and in the world to come.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my Lord, by Thyself, and by Thy signs, and Thy clear tokens, and the shining light of the Daystar of Thy Beauty, and Thy Branches, to cancel the trespasses of those who have held fast to Thy laws, and have observed what Thou hast prescribed unto them in Thy Book.  Thou seest me, O my God, holding to Thy Name, the Most Holy, the Most Luminous, the Most Mighty, the Most Great, the Most Exalted, the Most Glorious, and clinging to the hem of the robe to which have clung all in this world and in the world to come.

  [165] AB00032DAR (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Thou seest how black darkness is enshrouding all regions, how all countries are burning with the flame of dissension, and the fire of war and carnage is blazing throughout the East and the West.  Blood is flowing, corpses bestrew the ground, and severed heads are fallen on the dust of the battlefield.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Most Generous, the Lord of grace abounding, and, verily, Thou art the Compassionate and the Merciful.

  [166] BH07657 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by this Revelation whereby darkness hath been turned into light, through which the Frequented Fane hath been built, and the Written Tablet revealed, and the Outspread Roll uncovered, to send down upon me and upon them who are in my company that which will enable us to soar into the heavens of Thy transcendent glory, and will wash us from the stain of such doubts as have hindered the suspicious from entering into the tabernacle of Thy unity.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.  All praise be to God, the Lord of all worlds.

  [167] BH09848 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee by the onrushing winds of Thy grace, and by them Who are the Daysprings of Thy purpose and the Dawning-Places of Thine inspiration, to send down upon me and upon all that have sought Thy face that which beseemeth Thy generosity and bountiful grace, and is worthy of Thy bestowals and favors.  Poor and desolate I am, O my Lord!  Immerse me in the ocean of Thy wealth; athirst, suffer me to drink from the living waters of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, by Thine own Self and by Him Whom Thou hast appointed as the Manifestation of Thine own Being and Thy discriminating Word unto all that are in heaven and on earth, to gather together Thy servants beneath the shade of the Tree of Thy gracious providence. Help them, then, to partake of its fruits, to incline their ears to the rustling of its leaves, and to the sweetness of the voice of the Bird that chanteth upon its branches.  Thou art, verily, the Help in Peril, the Inaccessible, the Almighty, the Most Bountiful.

  [168] BH02524 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  But for the tribulations which are sustained in Thy path, how could Thy true lovers be recognized; and were it not for the trials which are borne for love of Thee, how could the station of such as yearn for Thee be revealed?  Thy might beareth me witness! The companions of all who adore Thee are the tears they shed, and the comforters of such as seek Thee are the groans they utter, and the food of them who haste to meet Thee is the fragments of their broken hearts.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [169] AB05805SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God, aid Thou Thy servant to raise up the Word, and to refute what is vain and false, to establish the truth, to spread the sacred verses abroad, reveal the splendors, and make the morning's light to dawn in the hearts of the righteous.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Generous, the Forgiving.

  [170] AB07158 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O my God!  Verily, this thy servant and this Thy maidservant have gathered under the shadow of Thy mercy and they are united through Thy favor and generosity.  O Lord!  Assist them in this Thy world and Thy kingdom and destine for them every good through Thy bounty and grace.  O Lord!  Confirm them in Thy servitude and assist them in Thy service.  Suffer them to become the signs of Thy Name in Thy world and protect them through Thy bestowals which are inexhaustible in this world and the world to come.  O Lord!  They are supplicating the kingdom of Thy mercifulness and invoking the realm of Thy singleness.  Verily, they are married in obedience to Thy command. Cause them to become the signs of harmony and unity until the end of time.  Verily, Thou art the Omnipotent, the Omnipresent and the Almighty!

  [171] BB00001KNO (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou knowest full well, O my God, that tribulations have showered upon me from all directions and that no one can dispel or transmute them except Thee.  I know of a certainty, by virtue of my love for Thee, that Thou wilt never cause tribulations to befall any soul unless Thou desirest to exalt his station in Thy celestial Paradise and to buttress his heart in this earthly life with the bulwark of Thine all-compelling power, that it may not become inclined toward the vanities of this world.  Indeed Thou art well aware that under all conditions I would cherish the remembrance of Thee far more than the ownership of all that is in the heavens and on the earth.
      Last:  Immensely exalted art Thou, O Lord of the heavens and earth, above the praise of all men, and may peace be upon Thy faithful servants and glory be unto God, the Lord of all the worlds.

  [172] AB00049RAP (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Whoever sets out on a teaching journey to any place, let him recite this prayer day and night during his travels in foreign lands.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Confirmer of whomsoever Thou willest in that which Thou desirest, and, verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Omnipotent.

  [173] BH02777RIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God and my Master!  I am Thy servant and the son of Thy servant. I have risen from my couch at this dawntide when the Daystar of Thy oneness hath shone forth from the Dayspring of Thy will, and hath shed its radiance upon the whole world, according to what had been ordained in the Books of Thy Decree.
      Last:  Thou art, truly, the Lord and King of all men, and art potent over all things.

  [174] AB04004BAB (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God! Rear this little babe in the bosom of Thy love, and give it milk from the breast of Thy Providence. Cultivate this fresh plant in the rose garden of Thy love and aid it to grow through the showers of Thy bounty. Make it a child of the kingdom, and lead it to Thy heavenly realm. Thou art powerful and kind, and Thou art the Bestower, the Generous, the Lord of surpassing bounty.

  [175] AB00001SHI (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Shield Thy trusted servants from the evils of self and passion, protect them with the watchful eye of Thy loving-kindness from all rancor, hate and envy, shelter them in the impregnable stronghold of Thy care and, safe from the darts of doubtfulness, make them the manifestations of Thy glorious signs, illumine their faces with the effulgent rays shed from the Dayspring of Thy divine unity, gladden their hearts with the verses revealed from Thy holy kingdom, strengthen their loins by Thine all-swaying power that cometh from Thy realm of glory.  Thou art the All-Bountiful, the Protector, the Almighty, the Gracious.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[363] Prayer UUID: 022928809a9d

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00009HOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: How can I choose to sleep, O God, my God, when the eyes of them that long for Thee are wakeful because of their separation from Thee; and how can I lie down to rest whilst the souls of Thy lovers are sore vexed in their remoteness from Thy presence?
      Last:  By Thy might!  I ask not, whether sleeping or waking, but that which Thou dost desire.  I am Thy servant and in Thy hands.  Do Thou graciously aid me to do what will shed forth the fragrance of Thy good pleasure.  This, truly, is my hope and the hope of them that enjoy near access to Thee.  Praised be Thou, O Lord of the worlds!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[364] Prayer UUID: 0289fb3a-366b-4846-b7e7-67a081785cd7
Name: Short Obligatory Prayer

FULL TEXT (hz):
# NDAPERO ZOHEPERO*
## SHORT OBLIGATORY PRAYER)

	Ame tani gava umbangi, Ove Karunga gwange, asi Nyove wa sita nge ni Kudive noKukutongamena. Nina pura poruveze oru, upironkondo wange kounene Woge, koruhepo rwange ntani koUntungi Woge.
	
Kutupu ko Karunga nage peke ntudi Nyove, Muvateli oMaudigu, Mukalipo pwaNyamoge.
 

* (Bahá’u’lláh kwa udisa nondapero ntatu dohepero, zimwe zado kuzihorowora nokuziraperera nkenye mupuli mwankenye noviri dokusika ko 24, mukutwara mositambo sankenye ndapero. Mpangero zokuhamena ko ndapero ezi vana gava keguru, yizo zonsupi po pwedi ntatu, zahepa kuziraperera rumwe tupu mezuva pokatji komutenya nongurova.)

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00987 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      Name: Long Obligatory Prayer
      First: * Whoso wisheth to recite this prayer, let him stand up and turn unto God, and, as he standeth in his place, let him gaze to the right and to the left, as if awaiting the mercy of his Lord, the Most Merciful, the Compassionate. Then let him say:
      Last:  *"The daily obligatory prayers are three in number. ... The believer is entirely free to choose any one of these three prayers, but is under the obligation of reciting either one of them, and in accordance with any specific directions with which they may be accompanied." - from a letter written on behalf of Shoghi Effendi "By 'morning,' 'noon' and 'evening,' mentioned in connection with the Obligatory Prayers, is meant respectively the intervals between sunrise and noon, between noon and sunset, and from sunset till two hours after sunset." - Synopsis and Codification of the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, p. 36

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[366] Prayer UUID: 07079594-122e-4be0-a45f-87248d8a1820

FULL TEXT (hz):
O Alla, Alla tiegħi! Din il-qaddejja tiegħeK qed issejjaħleK, tafda fiK, iddawwar wiċċħa lejK, titolbok biex tferrex it-tjibat smewija tiegħeK fuqha, u tikxfilha il-misteri spiritwali tiegħeK, u tifrex fuqha is-dwal tar-Ras Allija tiegħeK.

O Sid tiegħi! Agħmel li għajnejn żewġi jaraw. Ferraħlu Inti qalbu bid-dawl tal-għarfien tiegħeK, dawwarlu moħħu lejn ġmieleK middi, ferraħlu Int l-ispirtu tiegħu billi turih il-kobor ta’ dwaleK.

O Sid tiegħi ! Erfa’ Int l-istar minn quddiem ħarstu. Raxxax tjibateK kotrana fuqu, sakkru bl-inbid l-imħabba għaliK, agħmlu wieħed mill-anġli tiegħeK li riġlejhom jimxu fuq din l-art kif irwieħhom jittajru mis-smewwiet fil-għoli. Agħmel li jsir lampa middija, li tiddi bid-dawl tal-għerf tiegħeK f’nofs il-poplu tiegħeK.

Fis-sew, Int il-Għani, li Tagħti Dejjem, l-Id Miftuħa.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB03017CAL (Confidence: %!d(float64=60.55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O God, my God! This Thy handmaid is calling upon Thee, trusting in Thee, turning her face unto Thee, imploring Thee to shed thy heavenly bounties upon her, and to disclose unto her Thy spiritual mysteries, and to cast upon her the lights of Thy Godhead.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Ever-Bestowing, the Open of Hand.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[370] Prayer UUID: 15c201d1-9bea-4603-82a8-f1e5833858b8

FULL TEXT (hz):
O, Bože moj! O, Bože moj! Doista zazivam te i preklinjem na pragu Tvome i molim da sve Tvoje milosti siđu na ove duše. Usmjeri ih ka Tvojoj naklonosti i Tvojoj istini.

O, Gospode! Ujedini i spoji srca zajedno, združi u slozi sve duše i razvedri duhove znacima svetosti i jednosti Tvoje. O, Gospode! Ozari ova lica svjetlošću Tvoje jednosti. Ojačaj tijela slugu Tvojih u službi Tvom Kraljevstvu.

O, Bože, Ti posjedniče beskrajne milosti! O, Gospode oprosta! Otpusti nam grijehe naše, oprosti naše mane i Kraljevstvu Tvoje blagosti upravi nas, da zazivamo Kraljevstvo moći i snage, skromni u Tvome hramu i ponizni pred slavom Tvog znamenja.

O, Gospode Bože! Učini nas valovima mora, cvijećem u vrtu, ujedinjenima, izmirenima milošću ljubavi Tvoje. O, Gospode! Ispuni nam grudi znacima Tvoje jednosti i učini da čovječanstvo bude poput zvijezda koje sjaju s istog vrhunca slave, poput savršenih plodova koji rastu na Tvom drvetu života.

Doista, Ti si Svemogući, Samodovoljni, Darovatelj, Oprostitelj, Ti Praštaš, Sveznajući, Tvorac Jedini.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0023UNI (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Verily, I invoke Thee and supplicate before Thy threshold, asking Thee that all Thy mercies may descend upon these souls.  Specialize them for Thy favor and Thy truth.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Almighty, the Self-Subsistent, the Giver, the Forgiving, the Pardoner, the Omniscient, the One Creator.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[372] Prayer UUID: 1d403af7-c345-42fc-9725-fbda24da17ba

FULL TEXT (hz):
# NDANGO ZOPAMPEPO
##(SPIRITUAL ASSEMBLY)

* Mokuhwilira mondjugo zondango, raperereni ndapero ezi nomutjima geharo lyakwa Karunga neraka lyelizuvho kwa navenye, yipo asi Munankondo nadinye a mu vatere mokufunda:

	Hompa Karunga, Karunga gwange! Ose tu vapika Woge ava tuna pirukire nokulikwambera kosipara Soge Sokupongoka, esi satu mangurura kwa nayinye nekezuva Lyoge lyosikoda. Ose kuna lipongaiki mondango ezi zopampepo, kuna lipakerere mokudimburuka nomomagazaro getu, nomatokomeno getu mokulizuvha kumwe nonoNkango Doge nomokufumadeka kountungi. Ove, Hompa Karunga gwetu! Tu ninka tu kare yidiviso youmpitisili Woge wouKarunga, Marembe gomapuliro Goge aga pepauka mokatji kouzuni, vapika Woge velipakerero Lyoge lyononkondo, Ove Karunga GoMunenenene, Ehoramo lyaUmwe wouKrunga Woge mountungi woguho nomakwedi gokuvembera nakunye. Hompa! Tu kwafa tu kare nomukuro nombungururu donkenda Zoge zokutetukisa, marupupo ogo gana kupupiro kusikoda soge, Enyango lyouzuni sokositji soyirugana Yoge yemeguru, yitji oyo yina kulinyunganga kompepo zoUgavi Woge moSikunino soge semeguru.
	Hompa, Karunga! Ninka nomwenyo detu dikoreka koNonkango daUmwe woge wouKarunga, nomutjima detu di zere mepimpiro nkenda Zoge, yiponye asi tu vhure kulipakerera ngwendi mankumpi gediva limwe nokuhegumuka kumwe ngwedi nohonga dosite Soge sokuvembera, asi magano getu, neyi atu mono, kuzuvha kwetu kukare ngwendi usili umwe, ogo ana moneka paumwe merongo nalinye. Ove Munankenda nadinye, Mudidimiki, Mugavi, Munankondo nadinye, Mufenkenda, Muzuvisi, Mufenkenda.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB01023SAE (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: * Whenever ye enter the council-chamber, recite this prayer with a heart throbbing with the love of God and a tongue purified from all but His remembrance, that the All-Powerful may graciously aid you to achieve supreme victory.
      Last:  O God, my God!  We are servants of Thine that have turned with devotion to Thy Holy Face, that have detached ourselves from all besides Thee in this glorious Day.  We have gathered in this Spiritual Assembly, united in our views and thoughts, with our purposes harmonized to exalt Thy Word amidst mankind.  O Lord, our God!  Make us the signs of Thy Divine Guidance, the Standards of Thine exalted Faith amongst men, servants to Thy mighty Covenant, O Thou our Lord Most High, manifestations of Thy Divine Unity in Thine Abhá Kingdom, and resplendent stars shining upon all regions.  Lord!  Aid us to become seas surging with the billows of Thy wondrous Grace, streams flowing from Thine all-glorious Heights, goodly fruits upon the Tree of Thy heavenly Cause, trees waving through the breezes of Thy Bounty in Thy celestial Vineyard.  O God!  Make our souls dependent upon the Verses of Thy Divine Unity, our hearts cheered with the outpourings of Thy Grace, that we may unite even as the waves of one sea and become merged together as the rays of Thine effulgent Light; that our thoughts, our views, our feelings may become as one reality, manifesting the spirit of union throughout the world.  Thou art the Gracious, the Bountiful, the Bestower, the Almighty, the Merciful, the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[374] Prayer UUID: 27d4a745-1a50-4702-a9d3-3e41befefd68

FULL TEXT (hz):
Ne uklanjaj, o, Gospode stol svečano prostrt u Tvoje Ime i ne gasi žarki plamen upaljen Tvojom neugasivom vatrom. Ne ustavljaj tu živu vodu Tvoju koja žubori pjesmom slave Tvoje i Tvog spomena, i ne lišavaj sluge Tvoje miomirisa koji se širi iz daška ljubavi Tvoje.

Gospode! Bolne brige Tvojih svetih pretvori u spokoj, teškoće njihove u utjehu, poniženje njihovo u slavu, tugu u blaženu radost, o, Ti Koji u Svojoj Ruci držiš uzde cijelog čovječanstva!

Ti si, doista, Jedan, Jedini, Moćni, Sveznajući, Premudri.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[377] Prayer UUID: 2b8dae93-6aaa-4699-a420-1762e3f9fadf

FULL TEXT (hz):
O Sid tiegħi u Tama tiegħi! Għin Int lil dawk li tħobb biex ikunu sodi fil-Patt setgħani tiegħeK, biex jibqgħu fidili fil-Kawża mikxufa tiegħeK, u biex iwettqu l-kmandamenti li Int niżżilt għalihom fil-Ktieb Imdawwal tiegħeK; ħa’ jistgħu jsiru bnadar ta’ tmexxija u lampi tax-Xirka fuq, egħjun ta’ għerfek bla tarf, u kwiekeb li jmexxu sew waqt li jiddu mis-sema fuqan.

Fis-sew, Int Li Ma Tintrebaħx, is-Setgħan, il-Qawwi f’Kollox.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00065STE (Confidence: %!d(float64=60.55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O my Lord and my Hope!  Help Thou Thy loved ones to be steadfast in Thy mighty Covenant, to remain faithful to Thy manifest Cause, and to carry out the commandments Thou didst set down for them in Thy Book of Splendors; that they may become banners of guidance and lamps of the Company above, wellsprings of Thine infinite wisdom, and stars that lead aright, as they shine down from the supernal sky.
      Last:  Verily, art Thou the Invincible, the Almighty, the All-Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[378] Prayer UUID: 2e3f746cd120

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB05805SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=60.55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O my God, aid Thou Thy servant to raise up the Word, and to refute what is vain and false, to establish the truth, to spread the sacred verses abroad, reveal the splendors, and make the morning's light to dawn in the hearts of the righteous.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Generous, the Forgiving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[379] Prayer UUID: 2e41668260f8

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[381] Prayer UUID: 35aad654-ca4b-4f77-a0ee-9edb17a7d038

FULL TEXT (hz):
Ndjambi wandje! Kohorora omutima wandje. Tumununa nu jorokisa ombepo yandje. Jandiparisa omasa wandje. Nu avihe mbi metjiti meyandja momake wOye. Oove nguri omutjevere wandje nu omuyame wandje. Himeekara no ruhoze no mutima mbuanyaika rukuao, Ami merire omuutua wOye menyando na mondjoroka. 

Ndjambi wandje. Hinakukara no manganingani nu himee riyandjere omaumba okundji tukutura. Ami hina kukara mouvi wo muinjo mbo.

Ndjambi wandje! Meri kotakemene kOve Ndjambi, orondu Oove epanga enene puami omuini.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH04421HEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=60.55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Create in me a pure heart, O my God, and renew a tranquil conscience within me, O my Hope!  Through the spirit of power confirm Thou me in Thy Cause, O my Best-Beloved, and by the light of Thy glory reveal unto me Thy path, O Thou the Goal of my desire!  Through the power of Thy transcendent might lift me up unto the heaven of Thy holiness, O Source of my being, and by the breezes of Thine eternity gladden me, O Thou Who art my God!  Let Thine everlasting melodies breathe tranquillity on me, O my Companion, and let the riches of Thine ancient countenance deliver me from all except Thee, O my Master, and let the tidings of the revelation of Thine incorruptible Essence bring me joy, O Thou Who art the most manifest of the manifest and the most hidden of the hidden!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[382] Prayer UUID: 38c8f9d5-c2fa-4328-a76e-865150619d58

FULL TEXT (hz):
# TALBA OBLIGATORJA TWILA   
## TINGĦAD DARBA F’ERBGĦA U GĦOXRIN SIEGĦA

* Kulmin jixtieq igħid din it-talba,iqum bil-wieqfa u jdur lejn Alla u, wieqaf f’imkienu, igħarrex lejn il-lemin u lejn ix-xellug, bħalkieku qed jistenna l-ħniena ta’ Sidu, l’Aktar Ħanin, Li Jagħder. Imbagħad igħid:


O Int li Int is-Sid ta’ kull isem u l-Ħallieq tas-smewwiet! NitolboK f’ġieh dawk Li huma Egħjun il-Jum tal-Essenza tiegħek li ma tidher, l-Aktar Għoli, il-Glorjuż Għal Kollox, biex tagħmel mit-talba tiegħi nar li jaħraq l-istarijiet li għattewni minn ġmieleK, u dawl li jmexxini lejn l-oċejan tal-Preżenza tiegħeK.

* Jerfa’ imbagħad idejh  f’talba lejn Alla - imbierek u merfugħ ikun Hu – u jgħid:

O Int ix-Xewqa tad-dinja u l-Maħbub tan-nazzjonijiet! Inti tarani indurlejK, u meħlus minn kull irbit ma’ xi ħadd għajr miegħeK, u mdendel mal-ħabel tiegħeK, illi b’taħriku il-ħolqien kollu kien imċaqlaq. Jien il-qaddej tiegħeK, O Sid tieghi, u iben il-qaddej tiegħeK. Arani wieqaf lest biex inwettaq ir-rieda tiegħek u x-xewqa tiegħeK, u ma nixtieq xejn aktar għajr il-għoġba tajba tiegheK. Jien nitolbok  f’ġieh l-Oċejan tal-ħniena tiegħeK u Kewkbet il-Jum tal-grazzja tiegħeK biex tagħmel bil-qaddej tiegħeK skond ir-rieda u l-għoġba tiegħeK. F’ġieh is-setgħa tiegħeK li tisboq kull kliem u tifħir! Dak kollu li ġie mikxuf minneK huwa x-xewqa ta’ qalbi u l-maħbub ta’ ruħi. O Alla, Alla tiegħi! Tħarix għal fuq tamieti u l-egħmejjel tiegħi, le ingħid hares fuq ir-rieda tiegħeK li sebqet is-smewwiet u l-art. F’ġieh Ismek l-Aktar Kbir, O Int Sid tan-nazzjonijiet kollha! Jien xtaqt biss dak li xtaqt Inti, u nħobb biss dak li tħobb Inti.

* Jinżel imbagħad għar-rkobbtejh u, ibaxxi ġbinu lejn l-art, igħid:

Inti merfugħ fuq kull tifsira ta’ kull wieħed għajr dik tiegħeK, u fehma ta’ xejn għajr Inti. 

* Iqum bil-wieqfa mbagħad u jgħid:

Agħmel it-talba tiegħi, O Sid tiegħi, għajn t’ilmijiet ħajja li bihom nista’ ngħix sakemm iddum saltnateK, u nkun nista’ nsemmiK f’kull dinja tad-dinjiet tiegħeK.

* Jerġa’ jerfa’ idejħ f’talba, u jgħid:

O Int li l-firda minnek dewbet il-qlub u l-erwieħ u li bin-nar ta’ mħabbtek id-dinja kollha sfat imkebbsa! NitolboK  f’ġieh l-Isem tiegħeK li bih rażżant il-ħolqien kollu, biex ma żżommx lura minni dak li hu miegħeK, O Int Li ssaltan fuq il-bnedmin kollha! Inti tara, O Sid tiegħi, dan il-barrani jħaffef lejn l-ogħla dejr minn tiegħu taħt il-baldakkin tal maestà tiegħeK u ‘l ġewwa mill-konfini tal-ħniena tiegħeK; u dan il ħati jfittex  l-oċejan tal-maħfra tiegħeK; u dan il-kieni il-qorti tal-glorja tiegħeK; u din il-ħlejqa fqajra id-dija tal-ġid tiegħeK. TiegħeK hi s-setgħa li tamar, dak kollu li trid. Jien xhud li Inti għandek tiġi mfaħħar fl-egħmejjel tiegħeK, u li tkun obdut f’dak  illi tamar, u li tibqa’ bla mxekkel fl-amar tiegħeK.  

* Imbagħad jgħolli idejh, u jsemmi tliet darbiet l-Akbar Isem.  Jiltewa mbagħad b’idejh mistrieħa fuq irkobbtejh quddiem Alla – imbierek u merfugħ ikun Hu – u jgħid:

Inti tara, O Alla tiegħi, kif l-ispirtu tiegħi tqanqal f’ġismi u fl-imfasal tiegħi, imxennaq biex jagħtiK qima, u fil-kilba tiegħu biex jiftakreK u jfaħħreK; kif ixiehed dak li Lsien ta’ l-Amar Tiegħek  xehed fis-saltna ta’ taqwilek u sema tal-għarfien tiegħeK. Jien inħobb, f’din il-qagħda, O Sid tiegħi, nitolboK dak kollu li hu miegħeK,  biex inkun nista’ nuri l-faqar tiegħi, u nkabbar it-tjieba tiegħeK u l-għana tiegħeK, u nkun nista’ nistqarr djufiti, u nuri il qawwa tiegħeK u s-setgħa tiegħeK.

* Imbagħad iqum bil-wieqfa u jgħolli idejh darbtejn f’talba, u jgħid:

M’hemmx Alla għajreK, is-Setgħani, it-Tajjeb f’Kollox. M’hemmx Alla għajreK, l-Ammar, kemm fil-bidu u fit-tmien. O Alla, Alla tiegħi! Il-maħfra għamlitli l-ħila, u l-ħiena tiegħeK saħħitni, u s-sejħa tiegħek qajmitni, u l-grazzja tiegħek regħetni ‘l fuq u mexxitni lejK. Min jien, wara kollox, li nazzarda nieqaf f’bieb il-belt tal-qarbien tiegħek, jew wiċċi ndawwar lejn id-dwal li qed jiddu mis-sema tar-rieda tiegħeK? Inti tara, O Sid tiegħi, din l-imsejkna ħlejqa tħabbat fuq il-bieb tal-grazzja tiegħeK, u din ir-ruħ ħfejfa tfittex ix-xmara tal-ħajja dejjiema mill-idejn tat-tjieba tiegħeK. TiegħeK il-amar kull ħin, O Inti Li Int is-Sid tal-ismijiet kollha; u tiegħi ir-rassenjazzjoni u kejn ir-rieda għar-rieda tiegħeK, O Ħallieq tas-smewwiet!

* Igħolli mbagħad tliet darbiet, u jgħid:

Akbar hu Alla minn kull kbir iehor!

* Jinżel għar-rkobbtejh imbagħad u, jbaxxi ġbinu lejn l-art, igħid:

Int għoli wisq għat-tifhir ta’ dawk li jqarrbu lejK biex jitilgħu fis-sema ta’ qarbieneK, jew għall-agħsafar ta’ qlub dawk li huma devoti lejK biex jiksbu l-bieb ta’ biebeK. Jien xhud li Int ġejt imqaddes fuq kull attribut u mqaddes fuq kull isem. M’hemmx Alla għajreK; l-Ogħla, il-Glorjuż-f’Kollox.

* Jogħod bil-qiegħda mbagħad u jgħid:

Jien xhud ta’ dak li għalih xehdu l-ħwejjeġ maħluqa, u l-Folla fil-għoli, u l-għammara tal-ogħla Ġenna, u lil hinn minnhom ilsien il-Kobor innifsu mix-Xefaq kollu-glorjuż, li Inti Alla, li m’hemmx Alla għajreK, u li Dak li kien muri huwa l-Misteru Moħbi, il-Għelm Għażiż, li minnu l-ittri H u U (Hu) intgħaqdu u twaħħdu flimkien. Jien xhud li Hu dak li ismU ġie mħażżeż mill- Pinna ta’ Aktar Għoli, u li kien imsemmi fil-Kotba t’Alla, is-sid tat-Tron fil-għoli u ta’ l-art taħt.

* Iqum bil-wieqfa mbagħad u jgħid:

O Sid ta’ kulma hu u Sid kull ħaga li tidher jew li ma tidhirx! Inti tara d-dmugħ tiegħi u t-tnehid li nlissen, u tisma’ kribi, u t-twerżiq tiegħi, u l-ilment ta’ qalbi. F’ġieh is-setgħa tiegħek! Nuqqasijieti żammewni lura m’li noqrob lejK; u dnubieti żammewni ‘l bogħod mill-qorti ta’ qdusiteK. ImħabbteK, O Sid tiegħi, għanietni, u l-firda minneK qerditni, u l-bogħod minneK kielni. NitolboK f’ġieh passejK fix-xagħri, u f’ġieh il kelmiet “Hawn jiena. Hawn jiena” li l-magħżulin minneK lissnu f’din l-immensita, u f’ġieh nifsijiet ir-Rivelazzjoni tiegħeK, u l-irjieħ ħlejja tas-Sebħ tad-Dehra tiegħek, biex tamar li nkun nista’ ngħarrex fuq ġmieleK u nifli kulma hemm fil-Ktieb tiegħeK.

* Isemmi mbagħad tliet darbiet l-Akbar Isem, u jitbaxxa b’idejh mistrieħa fuq irkobbtejh, u jgħid:

Tifħir lileK, O Alla tiegħi, Int li għintni niftakreK u nfaħħreK, u ġagħaltni nsir naf lilU Li hu Għajn il-Jum tal-egħliem tiegħeK, u ġagħaltni nitbaxxa quddiem is-Sinjurija TiegħeK, u numilja ruħi quddiem ir-Ras Allija, u nistqarr dak li kien imqawwel minn Ilsien il-kobor tiegħeK.

* Iqum imbagħad u jgħid:

O Alla, Alla tiegħi! Dahri milwi bit-toqol ta’ dnubieti, u t-telqa tiegħi qerditni. Kulmeta naħseb fuq l-egħmejjel tiegħi ħziena u l-qalb tajba tiegħeK, qalbi ddub ġo fija, u demmi jagħli fil-vini tiegħi. F’ġieh ġmieleK, O Int ix-Xewqa tad-dinja! Nistħi nerfa’ wiċċi lejK, u idejja mxennqin jistħu jinfetħu lejn is-sema ta’ tjubiteK. Inti tara, O Alla tiegħi, kif dmugħi jżommni milli niftakreK u milli nfaħħar tjibateK, O Int is-Sid tat-Tron fil-għoli u ta’ l-art taħt! Nitolbok f’ġieh egħliem is-Saltna tiegħeK u l-misteri ta’ ArteK biex tagħmel bil-maħbubin tiegħeK kif jixraq lil tjubiteK, O Sid ta’ kulma hu, u xieraq għall-grazzja tiegħeK, O Sultan ta’ dak li jidher u li ma jidhirx!

* Isemmi mbagħad tliet darbiet l-Akbar Isem, u jinżel għar-rkobbtejh bi ġbinu lejn l-art, u jgħid: 
Tiħir lileK, O Alla tagħna, li bgħattilna hawn isfel dak li jqarribna lejK, u fornejtna b’kull ħaġa tajba imniżżla minneK fil-Kotba tiegħeK u l-Kitbiet tiegħeK. Ħarisna, nitolbuK, O Sid tiegħi, mill-armati ta’ stħajjil fieragħ u tmaħħiħ għal xejn. Inti, fis-sewwa, is-Setgħani, li Taf-Kollox.

* Jerfa’ mbagħad rasu, u joqgħod bil-qiegħda, u jgħid:

Jien xhud, O Alla tiegħi, għal dak li għalih xehdu il-magħżulin tiegħeK, u nistqarr dak li l-għammara ta’ l-ogħla Ġenna u dawk li daru madwar it-Tron setgħani tiegħeK marru jistqarru. Saltniet l-art u s-sema huma tiegħeK, O Sid tad-dinjiet!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00987 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60.28)%, Type: LIKELY)
      Name: Long Obligatory Prayer
      First: * Whoso wisheth to recite this prayer, let him stand up and turn unto God, and, as he standeth in his place, let him gaze to the right and to the left, as if awaiting the mercy of his Lord, the Most Merciful, the Compassionate. Then let him say:
      Last:  *"The daily obligatory prayers are three in number. ... The believer is entirely free to choose any one of these three prayers, but is under the obligation of reciting either one of them, and in accordance with any specific directions with which they may be accompanied." - from a letter written on behalf of Shoghi Effendi "By 'morning,' 'noon' and 'evening,' mentioned in connection with the Obligatory Prayers, is meant respectively the intervals between sunrise and noon, between noon and sunset, and from sunset till two hours after sunset." - Synopsis and Codification of the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, p. 36

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[384] Prayer UUID: 39499878-1a51-40be-a08b-2804b31a57c2

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH11205 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60.55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[385] Prayer UUID: 3b3f45ee-5d51-4944-ab3c-41b598e5639d

FULL TEXT (hz):
Muhona! Kwete ondjenda tjinene, tupao owiingona wOye, owete ovasyona, nungwari tupao orutumbo ro momeva kokuvare, owete ovasyona, nungwari tupayo ovina mbi twahepa, twahepa oujere nu tupayo ondjerera.

Ozondera no vinamwinyo virya meke rOye ngamwa eyuva, okutja avihembi vitara mOve.

Muhona oisa okuyandja ondjenda na ndarire komwinjo mbui mbuhana otjiungura. Omboroto yetu jeyuva arihe tupao indino nu takavarisa ovihepwa mongaro jo mwinjo, opu matu rijameke kOve erike. Nu tjimatu suvere Ove erike matu kawondja mo zondjira zOye natu hungire wina omahorekwa wOye. Ove omunamasa ayehe, omusuvere wo vandu avehe.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00431PIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=60.55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Lord!  Pitiful are we, grant us Thy favor; poor, bestow upon us a share from the ocean of Thy wealth;needy, do Thou satisfy us; abased, give us Thy glory.  The fowls of the air and the beasts of the field receive their meat each day from Thee and all beings partake of Thy care and loving kindness.
      Last:  Give us our daily bread and grant Thine increase in the necessities of life, that we may be dependent on none other than Thee, may commune wholly with Thee, may walk in Thy ways and declare Thy mysteries. Thou art the Almighty and the Loving and the Provider of all mankind.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[387] Prayer UUID: 3e348ef3-3c46-4b50-b0be-e04672ca4480

FULL TEXT (hz):
Gospode! Kukavni smo, podari nam Svoju milost; siromašni smo, daruj nam udio iz oceana Tvog bogatstva; bijedni smo , Ti nam udovolji; poniženi, daj nam Svoju slavu. Ptice u zraku i zvijeri u polju primaju svoju hranu svagdašnju i sva bića uživaju Tvoju skrb i ljubav.

Ne uskrati ovom jadniku Tvoje čudesne milosti i ovoj bespomoćnoj duši Tvojom moći udijeli Tvoje obilje.

Daj nam kruh naš svagdašnji i udovolji našim životnim potrebama da ne ovisimo ni o kome osim o Tebi, da u potpunosti saobraćamo s Tobom, da uzmognemo koračati Tvojim putovima i objavljivati Tvoja otajstva, Ti si Svemoćni, pun ljubavi i brige za sve ljude.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00431PIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=60.55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Lord!  Pitiful are we, grant us Thy favor; poor, bestow upon us a share from the ocean of Thy wealth;needy, do Thou satisfy us; abased, give us Thy glory.  The fowls of the air and the beasts of the field receive their meat each day from Thee and all beings partake of Thy care and loving kindness.
      Last:  Give us our daily bread and grant Thine increase in the necessities of life, that we may be dependent on none other than Thee, may commune wholly with Thee, may walk in Thy ways and declare Thy mysteries. Thou art the Almighty and the Loving and the Provider of all mankind.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[389] Prayer UUID: 4f9cc8ab-ba94-44cd-803d-83439e6f6c39

FULL TEXT (hz):
Ami mba penduka omuhuka mbui, motjari  tjOye, Ndjambi wandje, numbaisa onganda jandje amekambura mOve erike, nu ambino ngamburiro kokutja mo ndjitjevere.Okuza movikamba meyuru rOye rotjari hinda ondaya   yOye  kwami, ndjiyama kutja mbiyaruke mouyara nandarire kutja owa  kuizikira ondjeverero no zondunge zandje azatakama mOve erike.

Kapena Mukuru warue pendje nayOve erike, ngu hasasanekua, ngutjiwa avihe nounongo.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00009GRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=60.55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: I have risen this morning by Thy grace, O my God, and left my home trusting wholly in Thee, and committing myself to Thy care.  Send down, then, upon me, out of the heaven of Thy mercy, a blessing from Thy side, and enable me to return home in safety even as Thou didst enable me to set out under Thy protection with my thoughts fixed steadfastly upon Thee.
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Incomparable, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[390] Prayer UUID: 5040ee63-baed-4c3c-9246-4b32611103fc

FULL TEXT (hz):
Itkun imfaħħar, O Sid Alla tiegħi! Dan huwa l-qaddej tiegħeK li xorob minn idejn il-grazzja tiegħeK l-inbid tal-ħniena tenera tiegħeK, u daq it-togħma ta’ mhabbteK fil-jiem tiegħeK. NitolboK, f’ġieh it-tiswir ta’ ismijieteK li l-ebda niket ma jista’ jżomm li jifraħ fl-imħabba tiegħeK jew milli jħares fuq wiċċeK, u li ċ-ċorom kollha ta’ dawk bla kont m’għandhom il-ħila li jġagħluh idur mit-triq tal-ġħoġba tiegħeK, li jfornuh bil-ħwejjeġ tajbin li għandek Inti, u li jgħolluh hekk fil-għoli li jara d-dinja bħala dell li jgħib eħfef minn teptipa t’għajn.

Żommu fiż-żgur ukoll, O Alla tiegħi, bis-saħħa tal-maestà tiegħeK bla qies, minn dak kollu li Inti tistmerr. Inti, fis-sewwa, is-Sid tiegħu u s-Sid tad-dinjiet kollha.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60.55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[391] Prayer UUID: 505fa047-2833-4bee-8722-36525bb65f2c

FULL TEXT (hz):
O Alla, Alla tiegħi! Imla għalija il-bieqja tal-firda minn kollox, u fil-ġemgħa ta’ dwaleK u għotjieteK, ferraħni bl-inbid ta’ l-imħabba lejK. Eħlisni mill-ħebb tal-passjoni u x-xewqa, kissirli l-manetti ta’ din id-dinja taħtana, iġbidni imsaħħar lejn saltnateK fuqana, u ġeddidni fost il-qaddejja b’nifsijiet qdusiteK.

O Sid, dawwalli Inti wiċċi bid-dwal ta’ għotjieteK,  ixgħelli għajnejja bil-ħars fuq l-egħliem ta’ setgħeteK li tagħleb kollox; għaxxaqli ’l qalbi bil-glorja ta’ għarfienek li jisboq kollox, ferraħli Inti ruħi bi ħbarijieteK jaħju ta’ hena kbir, O Int Sultan ta’din id-dinja u tas-Saltna fuq, O Inti Sid ta’ ħakma u setgħa, biex inkun nista’ nxerred egħliemeK u għotjieteK, u nxandar il- Kawża tiegħeK, u mmexxi Tagħlimek, u naqdi il-Liġi tiegħeK u ngħolli il-Kelma tiegħeK.

Inti, fis-sewwa, is-Setgħani, li Tagħti-Dejjem, il-Ħili, li Tista’ Kollox.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00553 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O God, my God!  Fill up for me the cup of detachment from all things, and in the assembly of Thy splendors and bestowals, rejoice me with the wine of loving Thee.  Free me from the assaults of passion and desire, break off from me the shackles of this nether world, draw me with rapture unto Thy supernal realm, and refresh me amongst the handmaids with the breathing of Thy holiness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Powerful, the Ever-Giving, the Able, the Omnipotent.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[395] Prayer UUID: 61365304-8b17-43b7-a50f-f3d551ec3107

FULL TEXT (hz):
*(Ngamwa aruhe tji mohiti mondjuwo, kumba tuvari ongumbiro ndji  no mutima-wo ndjenda ku Mukuru neraka roye okumuzemburuka Erike uriri, kutja Omunamasa, ayehe mekupe outoni mongumbiro ndji:)


Mukuru wandje! Mukuru wandje Ete ovakrere wOye mbutuna oupwike kotjipara tjOye otjiyapuke, mutjo tweriyandja oveni kOve erike meyuva ndi eyapuke. 

Ete twa worongana mo mbongarero indji yOmbepo, twa wana momitima nomo meripura wetu, nombango yetu matuvanga okutwara embo rOye kovahindwa wOye. Mukuru wetu noMuhona wetu! Tjita kutja ete turire otjiperendero tjoutike ouyapuke kovandu imba mberi ovakarere wOye mOuye mbwi, Muhona Ove omunamasa ayehe, ouhona wOye owatjiri na wina ozonyose mazepembaere kombanda yovina avihe. Muhona! tutiza tukare tjimuna omeva kokuvare ngeno ndjenda, Ngatukare tjimuna omuramba mbu nomeva ngeno mwinyo, ngatu hape ovihape oviwa  Otjomuti  wOje wo meyuru, omiti mbi mavihapa nawa tjimuna viri mo tjikunino tjOye. Mukuru! ominyo vyetu ngavi zemburuke omatjangwa omayapuke wOye. Omitima vyetu ngaviurisiwe nondjenda yOye kutja ete tuwane tjimuna ozongazona zokuvare ngatji matuwana mondjerera.

Omeripura wetu nga yewane kumwe ngatji mayerire owatjiri, ombepo yetu ngaimunike otjoruwano mOuje auhe. Ove omunatjari, ondjandje, omunandjenda, omunamasa no munaunyanutima.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB01023SAE (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: * Whenever ye enter the council-chamber, recite this prayer with a heart throbbing with the love of God and a tongue purified from all but His remembrance, that the All-Powerful may graciously aid you to achieve supreme victory.
      Last:  O God, my God!  We are servants of Thine that have turned with devotion to Thy Holy Face, that have detached ourselves from all besides Thee in this glorious Day.  We have gathered in this Spiritual Assembly, united in our views and thoughts, with our purposes harmonized to exalt Thy Word amidst mankind.  O Lord, our God!  Make us the signs of Thy Divine Guidance, the Standards of Thine exalted Faith amongst men, servants to Thy mighty Covenant, O Thou our Lord Most High, manifestations of Thy Divine Unity in Thine Abhá Kingdom, and resplendent stars shining upon all regions.  Lord!  Aid us to become seas surging with the billows of Thy wondrous Grace, streams flowing from Thine all-glorious Heights, goodly fruits upon the Tree of Thy heavenly Cause, trees waving through the breezes of Thy Bounty in Thy celestial Vineyard.  O God!  Make our souls dependent upon the Verses of Thy Divine Unity, our hearts cheered with the outpourings of Thy Grace, that we may unite even as the waves of one sea and become merged together as the rays of Thine effulgent Light; that our thoughts, our views, our feelings may become as one reality, manifesting the spirit of union throughout the world.  Thou art the Gracious, the Bountiful, the Bestower, the Almighty, the Merciful, the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[396] Prayer UUID: 61cbcf23-8422-46c3-bd5d-a986b9aa68c3

FULL TEXT (hz):
O Alla tiegħi! Dan huwa l-qaddej tiegħeK u iben il-qaddej tiegħeK li kien emmen fiK u fl-egħliem tiegħeK, u dawwar wiċċu lejK, maqtugħ għal kollox minn kollox barra minneK. Inti, fis-sewwa, minn dawk li juru ħniena l-aktar ħanin. 

Imxi miegħu, O Int Li taħfer dnubiet il-bnedmin u taħbi nuqqasijiethom, kif jidhrilhom is-sema ta’ tjubiteK u l-oċejan tal-grazzja tiegħeK. Ħallih jidhol ’il ġewwa minn truf il-ħniena tiegħeK tisboq kollox li kienet qabel issawru l-art u s-sema. M’hemmx Alla għajreK, li Jaħfer-Dejjiem, l-Aktar Ġeneruż.

* Igħid, imbagħad, għal sitt darbiet il-tislima “Alláh-u-Abhá” u mbagħad igħid għal dsatax-il darba kull wieħed minn dawn il-versi:

Aħna lkoll, fis-sew, inqimu lil Alla. 
Aħna lkoll, fis-sew, nitbaxxew quddiem Alla.
Aħna lkoll, fis-sew, devoti lejn Alla.
Aħna lkoll, fis-sew, nagħtu tifħir lil Alla.
Aħna lkoll, fis-sew, niżżu ħajr lil Alla.
Aħna lkoll, fis-sew, nistabru f’Alla.

*(Jekk il-mejta hi mara, igħid: Din hija il-qaddejja tiegħek u bint il-qaddejja tiegħek, eċċ...)

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH09085 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: * The Prayer for the Dead is the only Bahá’í obligatory prayer that is to be recited in congregation; it is to be recited by one believer while all present stand in silence.  Bahá’u’lláh has clarified that this prayer is required only when the deceased is over the age of fifteen, that its recital must precede interment, and that there is no requirement to face the Qiblih during its recitation.  “Alláh-u-Abhá” is said once; then the first of the six verses is recited nineteen times.  Then “Alláh-u-Abhá” is said again, followed by the second verse, which is recited nineteen times, and so on.
      Last:  *(If the dead be a woman, let him say: This is Thy handmaiden and the daughter of Thy handmaiden, etc...)

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[398] Prayer UUID: 6afe524d-3ebb-4619-84f1-686ed4579d84

FULL TEXT (hz):
Molim Tvoje oproštenje, o, Bože moj, i tražim oproštaj, onako kako Ti želiš da čine sluge Tvoje kada Ti se obraćaju. Molim Te da spereš sve naše grijehe onako kako dolikuje Tvojoj Uzvišenosti i da oprostiš meni, mojim roditeljima i onima za koje Ti smatraš da su ušli u stan ljubavi Tvoje na način dostojan Tvoje nadmoćne vladavine i kako pristaje slavi Tvoje nebeske moći.

O, Bože moj! Potaknuo si dušu moju da Ti uputi ovu molbu, i da nije radi Tebe, ne bih Tebe zazivao. Hvaljen i slavljen Ti jesi; slavim Te jer Si mi se Ti otkrio, i molim Te da mi oprostiš jer nisam izvršio svoju dužnost da spoznam Tebe i nisam išao stazom Tvoje ljubavi.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00617 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: I beg Thee to forgive me, O my Lord, for every mention but the mention of Thee, and for every praise but the praise of Thee, and for every delight but delight in Thy nearness, and for every pleasure but the pleasure of communion with Thee, and for every joy but the joy of Thy love and of Thy good-pleasure, and for all things pertaining unto me which bear no relationship unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of lords, He Who provideth the means and unlocketh the doors.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[399] Prayer UUID: 6bf2ea82-0dee-4423-9ca1-e8c9adc25228

FULL TEXT (hz):
"O, Ti blagi Bože! Stvorio si sve ljude iz iste tvari. Odredio si da svi pripadaju istom domu. U Tvojoj su Svetoj Prisutnosti svi oni Tvoji sluge i cijelo je čovječanstvo zaštićeno u Tvom zaklonu; svi su oni okupljeni zajedno za Tvojim Stolom Obilja; svi su obasjani svjetlom Tvoje Providnosti.

O, Bože! Ti si dobar svima, hraniš sve, štitiš sve, svemu daješ život. Sve i svakoga obdario si talentima i sposobnostima i svi su uronjeni u Ocean tvoje Milosti. O, Ti bladi Bože! Ujedini sve. Neka se religije slože i učini narode jednim, da bi mogli jedni druge vidjeti kao jednu obitelj i cijelu zemlju kao jedan dom. Daj da svi oni žive zajedno u savršenom skladu. O, Bože! Podigni visoko stijeg jednosti čovječanstva. O, Bože uspostavi Najveći Mir. Stopi, o, Bože srca zajedno. O, Ti blagi Oče, Bože! Razveseli naša srca miomirisom Svoje ljubavi. Razbistri naše oči Svjetlom Tvoga vodstva. Razvedri naše uši pjesmom Svoje Riječi, i zakloni nas sve u Utvrdi Svoje Providnosti.

Ti si moćni i snažni, Ti praštaš i Onaj si koji previđa mane čovječanstva."

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0137ALL (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! Thou hast created all humanity from the same stock. Thou hast decreed that all shall belong to the same household. In Thy Holy Presence they are all Thy servants, and all mankind are sheltered beneath Thy Tabernacle; all have gathered together at Thy Table of Bounty; all are illumined through the light of Thy Providence.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and Powerful, Thou art the Forgiving and Thou art the One Who overlooketh the shortcomings of all mankind.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[400] Prayer UUID: 6ef48ddb-ec09-4413-a8a5-8452cd15336e

FULL TEXT (hz):
O Alla tiegħi! O Alla tiegħi! Fis-sew, jien insejjaħleK u nitlob quddiem il-għatba tiegħeK, nitolboK li-l-ħniena kollha tiegħeK tinżel fuq dawn l-erwieħ. Irfinahom għall-għoġba tiegħeK u għas-sewwa tiegħeK. 

O Sid! Għaqqad u orbot flimkien il-qlub, qabbel flimkien l-erwieħ kollha, u henni l-ispirti bl-egħliem ta’ qdusiteK u waħdaneK. O Sid! Agħmel dawn l-uċuh middija bid-dwal ta’ waħdaneK. Saħħaħ ġenbejn il-qaddejja tiegħeK fil-qadi ta’ saltnateK. 

O Sid, Int li għandek ħniena bla qies! O Sid tal-maħfra u tal-mogħdrija! Aħfer dnubietna, agħder nuqqasijietna, u agħmel li nduru lejn is-saltna tal-ħenn tiegħeK, insejħu is-saltna tas-setgħa u l-qawwa, umli fil-maqdes tiegħeK u baxxuti quddiem il-glorja tax-xieħda tiegħeK. 

O Sid Alla! Agħmilna bħal mewġ il-baħar, bħal fjuri tal-ġnien, magħquda, naqblu bejnietna bit-tjieba ta’ mħabbteK. O Sid! Wassa’ l-isdra bl-egħliem ta’ waħdaneK, u agħmel lill-bnedmin kollha kwiekeb jiddu mill-istess għoli ta’ glorja, bħal frott perfett jikber fuq is-siġra tiegħeK tal-ħajja.

Fis-sew, Int is-Setgħani, Li Tgħix Fik InnifseK, Li Tagħti, Li Taħfer, Li Tagħder, Li Taf  Kollox, il-Ħallieq Waħdani.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0023UNI (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Verily, I invoke Thee and supplicate before Thy threshold, asking Thee that all Thy mercies may descend upon these souls.  Specialize them for Thy favor and Thy truth.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Almighty, the Self-Subsistent, the Giver, the Forgiving, the Pardoner, the Omniscient, the One Creator.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[402] Prayer UUID: 79828127-8783-4e60-8114-5af862ef773e

FULL TEXT (hz):
O Inti Sid twajjeb! Int ħloqt il-bnedmin kollha mill-istess fergħa. Inti amart li lkoll għandhom ikunu tal-istess dar. Fil-Preżenza Mqaddsa tiegħeK huma lkoll il-qaddejja tiegħeK, u l-bnedmin kollha mkenna taħt it-Tabernaklu tiegħeK; ilkoll inġabru madwar il-Mejda tat-Tjubija tiegħeK; ilkoll imdawlin bid-dawk tal-Providenza tiegħeK.

O Alla! Inti ħanin ma’ kulħadd, Int ipprovdejt għal kulħadd, tkennen lil kulħadd, troxx il-ħajja fuq kulħadd. Inti żejjint lil kull wieħed u lil kollha bid-doni u l-ħila, u lkoll huma mgħaddsin fl-Oċejan tal-Ħniena tiegħeK.

O Inti Sid twajjeb! Għaqqad lil kulħadd. Agħmel li reliġjon taqbel ma’ oħra u agħmel in-nazzjonijiet wieħed, sabiex  jaraw lil xulxin bħala familja waħda u d-dinja kollha bħala dar waħda. Jalla jgħixu ikoll flimkien f’armonija sħiħa.

O Alla! Erfa’ ’l fuq il-bandiera ta’ waħdan il-bnedmin.
O Alla! Qiegħed fis-sod l-Akbar Sliem.
Kaħħal Int, O Alla, il-qlub flimkien.

O Int Missier twajjeb, Alla! Ferraħ lil qlubna bil-fwieħa tal-imħabba tiegħeK. Dawwal  għajnejna bid-Dwal tat-Tmexxija tiegħeK. Għaxxaq widnejna bil-għanja tal-Kelma tiegħeK, u kenninna lkoll fil-Fortizza tal-Providenza tiegħek.

Int is-Setgħan u l-Qawwi, Int Dak li Jaħfer u Inti Dak li jagħlaq għajnejĦ għan-nuqqasijiet tal-bnedmin kollha.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0137ALL (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! Thou hast created all humanity from the same stock. Thou hast decreed that all shall belong to the same household. In Thy Holy Presence they are all Thy servants, and all mankind are sheltered beneath Thy Tabernacle; all have gathered together at Thy Table of Bounty; all are illumined through the light of Thy Providence.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and Powerful, Thou art the Forgiving and Thou art the One Who overlooketh the shortcomings of all mankind.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[404] Prayer UUID: 7ef34f03-2048-4efc-aae2-5bcd76ea1106
Name: Medium Obligatory Prayer

FULL TEXT (hz):
# TALBA OBLIGATORJA MEDJA    (Medium Obligatory Prayer)
## TINGHAD KULJUM, FIL-GĦODU, F’NOFS IN-NĦAR, U FIL-GĦAXIJA

 * Kulmin jixtieq jitlob ħalli jaħsel idejħ, u waqt li jaħsilħom igħid:

Saħħaħli idi, O Alla tiegħi, sabiex tkun tista’ taħfen il-Ktieb tiegħeK hekk tajjeb li 
l-folol dinjija ma jkollhomx setgħa fuqu. Ħarsu, immela, mit-tbagħbis kollu li mhux tiegħu. Int Hu fis-sewwa, is-Setgħani, l-Aktar Qawwi.

* U waqt li qed jaħsel wiċċu, igħid
 
Jien dawwart wiċċi lejK, O Sid tieħhi! Dawlu bid-dija ta’ wiċċeK. Ħarsu, immela milli jdur lejn xi ħaddieħor għajreK.

* Iqum imbagħad, u jħares lejn il-Qiblih (Punt ta’ Qima, jiġifieri, Bahjí ‘Akká), igħid:

Alla xehed li m’hemmx Alla ieħor għajrU. Tiegħu salniet ir-Rivelazzjoni u tal-ħolqien. Hu, fis-sew, wera lilU Nnifsu li Hu Għajn-il Jum tar-Rivelazzjoni, li tħaddet fuq is-Sinaj, li minnU l-Ogħla Xefaq iġġagħal jiddi, u Siġret li Lotu li m’hemmx triq lil hinn minnha itkellmet, u li minnU kienet mistqarra s-sejħa lil dawk kollha li jinsabu fis-sema u fl-art: “Araw, Dak Li Għandu Kollox ġie. L-art u s-sema, il glorja u s-setgħa huma t’Alla, is-Sid tal bnedmin kollha, u Sid tat-Tron fil-għoli u ta’ l-art taħtana!” 

* Jitbaxxa, mbagħad, b’idejh fuq irkobbtejh, u jgħid:

Merfugħ Int fuq it-tifħir tieghi u t-tifħir ta’ kulmin jinsab biswiti, fuq tifsil ħsiebi u tifsil ħsieb dawk kollħa li jinsabu fis-sema u dawk kollha fuq l-art! 

* Imbagħad, bil- wieqfa b’idejh miftuħa, il-pali ‘l fuq lejn wiċċu, igħid:

Twarrabx minn xewqtu, O Alla tiegħi, lil dak li, b’subgħajn jitolbu, iggranfa mal-keffa tal-ħniena tiegħeK u tal-grazzja tiegħeK, O Int li minn dawk li juru ħniena Int l-Aktar Ħanin!

* Joqgħod, imbagħad, bil-qiegħda u jgħid:

Jien xhud tal-għaqda tiegħeK u tal-waħdan tiegħeK, u li Inti Alla, u li m’hemmx Alla ieħor ghajreK. Inti, fis-sewwa, kxift il-Kawża tiegħeK, u wettaqt il-Ftehim tiegħeK, u ftaħt beraħ il-bieb tal-grazzja tiegħeK lil dawk kollha li jgħixu fis-sema u fuq l-art. Il barka u s-sliem, il-merħba u l-glorja, iserrħu fuq dawk illi tħobb Inti, li t-tibdiliet u il-ġrajjiet tad-dinja ma żammewhomx lura milli jduru lejK, u li taw kulma kellhom, bit-tama li jiksbu dak li jagħmel minneK. Inti, fis-sewwa, Dak li Jaħfer-Dejjem, il-Ġid-Kollu.

*(Jekk xi hadd jagħżel igħid minflok il-vers twil dawn il-kelmiet: “Alla xehed li m’hemmx Alla ieħor għajrU, l-Għajnuna fit-Tiġrib, li Tgħix Fik Innifsek,” ikun biżżejjed. U hekk ukoll, ikun biżżejjed jekk huwa, waqt li jkun bil qiegħda, jagħżel li jgħid dawn il kelmiet: “Jien xhud tal-għaqda tiegheK u tal-waħdan tiegħeK, u li Inti Alla, u li m’hemmx Alla ieħor għajreK.”)

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH03447 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      Name: Medium Obligatory Prayer
      First: * Whoso wisheth to pray, let him wash his hands, and while he washeth, let him say:
      Last:  *"The daily obligatory prayers are three in number. ... The believer is entirely free to choose any one of these three prayers, but is under the obligation of reciting either one of them, and in accordance with any specific directions with which they may be accompanied." - from a letter written on behalf of Shoghi Effendi "By 'morning,' 'noon' and 'evening,' mentioned in connection with the Obligatory Prayers, is meant respectively the intervals between sunrise and noon, between noon and sunset, and from sunset till two hours after sunset." - Synopsis and Codification of the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, p. 36

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[407] Prayer UUID: 96c4775ebb23

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH03629GRI (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Dispel my grief by Thy bounty and Thy generosity, O God, my God, and banish mine anguish through Thy sovereignty and Thy might.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face set towards Thee at a time when sorrows have compassed me on every side.  I implore Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all being, and overshadowest all things visible and invisible, by Thy Name whereby Thou hast subdued the hearts and the souls of men, and by the billows of the Ocean of Thy mercy and the splendors of the Daystar of Thy bounty, to number me with them whom nothing whatsoever hath deterred from setting their faces toward Thee, O Thou Lord of all names and Maker of the heavens!
      Last:  And, finally, I beg of Thee by the light of Thy countenance to bless my affairs, and redeem my debts, and satisfy my needs.  Thou art He to Whose power and to Whose dominion every tongue hath testified, and Whose majesty and Whose sovereignty every understanding heart hath acknowledged.  No God is there but Thee, Who hearest and art ready to answer.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[408] Prayer UUID: 9872c9be-b62c-4e15-a4b5-470b3f9e7bca

FULL TEXT (hz):
Učvrsti naše korake, o, Gospode, na Tvojoj stazi i osnaži naša srca u poslušnosti Tebi. Okreni naša lica k Ljepoti Tvoje jednosti i razveseli naše grudi znacima Tvog Božanskog Jedinstva. Uresi naša tijela odorom Tvoje i skini s naših očiju koprenu grijeha i daj nam kalež Tvoje milosti; da bi Tvoju hvalu mogla pjevati bit svih stvorenja pred prizorom Tvoje veličine. Otkrij se, tad, o, Gospode, Svojom milosrdnom riječju i tajnom Svog Božanskog Bića, da bi sveti zanos molitve mogao ispuniti naše duše- molitvu koja će se izdići iznad riječi i slova i nadići žamor slogova i zvukova -da bi se sve stvari stopile u ništa pred otkrivenjem Tvoga sjaja.

Gospodine! Ovo su sluge koji su ostali ustrajni i čvrsti u Tvojoj Pogodbi i Tvojoj Ostavštini, koji su čvrsto pristali uz sponu nepokolebljivosti u Tvojoj Stvari i držali se čvrsto skuta Tvoje veličine. Pomozi im, o, Gospodine, Svojom milošću, potvrdi Svojom moći i ojačaj u poslušnosti Tebi.

Ti si Oprostitelj, Milosrdni.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60.55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[413] Prayer UUID: a7f94126-a531-48dc-9b63-96e0c171a8c8

FULL TEXT (hz):
Keċċi n-niket tiegħi bit-tjieba tiegħek u bil-qalb kbira tiegħeK, O Alla, Alla tiegħi, u biegħed it-taqtigħ il-qalb tiegħi bil-qawwa u bis-setgħa tiegħeK.  Inti tarani, O Alla tiegħi, b’wiċċi imdawwar lejK fi żmien meta d-diqa dawritni minn kullimkien. Nitolbok, O Int Li Int is-Sid tal-ħlejjaq kollha, u ddellel fil-wisa’ kulma jidher u kulma jidhirx, bl-Isem tiegħeK li bih Int għalibt il-qlub u l-erwieħ tal-bnedmin, u bil-mewġiet kbar tal-O1ejan tal-ħniena tiegħeK u d-dijiet jgħammxu ta’ Kewkbet il-Jum tat-tjieba tiegħeK, biex tgħoddni ma’ dawk li xejn ma żammhom lura li jdawru wiċċhom lejK , O Int Sid tal-ismijiet kollha u Hallieq tas-smewwiet! 

Inti tara, O Sid tiegħi, il-ħwejjeġ li ġrawli fil-jiem tiegħeK. Nitolbok, f’ġieh Dak Li hu l-Għajn il-Jum ta’ismijieteK u Mkien is-Sebħ tad-doni tiegħeK, li tamar għalija dak li jħallini nogħla biex naqdiK u nfaħħar it-tjibat tiegħeK. Inti, fis-sewwa, is-Setgħani, l-Aktar Qawwi, Li mdorri twieġeb il-talb tal-bnedmin kollha!

U, fl-aħħarnett, nitolboK f’ġieh id-dawl ta’wiċċeK biex tbierek ħidmieti, u tħassarli djuni, u tissodisfa ħtiġijieti. Inti Dak li għas-setgħa tiegħU u għall-ħakma tiegħU xehed kull ilsien, u li l-maestà tiegħU aċċettat kull qalb li tifhem. M’hemmx Alla għajrek, li tisma u lest li twieġeb.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH03629GRI (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Dispel my grief by Thy bounty and Thy generosity, O God, my God, and banish mine anguish through Thy sovereignty and Thy might.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face set towards Thee at a time when sorrows have compassed me on every side.  I implore Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all being, and overshadowest all things visible and invisible, by Thy Name whereby Thou hast subdued the hearts and the souls of men, and by the billows of the Ocean of Thy mercy and the splendors of the Daystar of Thy bounty, to number me with them whom nothing whatsoever hath deterred from setting their faces toward Thee, O Thou Lord of all names and Maker of the heavens!
      Last:  And, finally, I beg of Thee by the light of Thy countenance to bless my affairs, and redeem my debts, and satisfy my needs.  Thou art He to Whose power and to Whose dominion every tongue hath testified, and Whose majesty and Whose sovereignty every understanding heart hath acknowledged.  No God is there but Thee, Who hearest and art ready to answer.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[414] Prayer UUID: b292a054-d34c-489b-ab15-61017f114725

FULL TEXT (hz):
Mix-xmajjar imfewħa ta’ dwiemeK agħtini nixrob, O Alla tiegħi, u mill-frott tas-siġra tal-essenza tiegħeK ħallini nduq, O Tama tiegħi! Min-nixxigħat ċari ta’ mħabbteK ħallini nixrob, O Glorja tiegħi, u taħt id-dell tal-Providenza dejjiema tiegħeK ħallini ngħammar, O Dawl tiegħi! Fix-xagħriet ta’ qarbieneK, quddiem il-preżenza tiegħeK, ħalli nkun nista’ nimraħ, O Maħbub tiegħi, u fil-lemin tat-tron tal-ħniena tiegħeK, poġġini, O Xewqa tiegħi! Mill fewġiet imfewħa ta’ ferħeK ħalli nifs jgħaddi fuqi, O Għan tiegħi, u fil-għoljiet tal-ġenna tar-realtà tiegħeK ħallini nidħol, O Imqejjem tiegħi! L-għanjiet tal-ħamiema ta’ waħdaneK ħallini nisma’, O Middi, u mill-ispirtu tal-qawwa tiegħeK u s-setgħa tiegħeK ħeġġigni, O Fornitur tiegħi! Fl-ispirtu ta’ mħabbteK  żommni sod, O Għajnuna tiegħi, u fit-triq tal-għoġba tajba tiegħeK saħħaħli passejja, O Ħallieq tiegħi! Fil-ġnien tal-immortalità tiegħeK, quddiem wiċċeK, ħallini ngħammar għal dejjem, O Int Li ħanin miegħi, u fuq il-maqgħad tal-glorja tiegħeK waqqafni sod, O Int Possessur tiegħi! Lejn is-sema ta’ mħabbteK ħanina għollini, O Ħaġġieġ tiegħi, u lejn Kewbet il-Jum tat-tmexxija tiegħeK mexxini, O Int li tiġbidni lejK! Qabel wirjiet l-ispirtu inviżibbli tiegħeK isejħuli ħalli nkun preżenti, O Int il-Bidu tiegħi u l-Ogħla Xewqa tiegħi, u lejn l-essenza ta’ fwieħet il-ġmiel tiegħeK, li Int għad turi, ħallini nerġa’ lura, O Int Alla tiegħi. 

Setgħani Int li tagħmel dak li jogħġboK. Inti, fis-sewwa, l-Aktar Għoli, il-Glorjuż f’Kollox, l-Ogħla fuq Kollox.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH06296 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: From the sweet-scented streams of Thine eternity give me to drink, O my God, and of the fruits of the tree of Thy being enable me to taste, O my Hope!  From the crystal springs of Thy love suffer me to quaff, O my Glory, and beneath the shadow of Thine everlasting providence let me abide, O my Light!  Within the meadows of Thy nearness, before Thy presence, make me able to roam, O my Beloved, and at the right hand of the throne of Thy mercy, seat me, O my Desire!  From the fragrant breezes of Thy joy let a breath pass over me, O my Goal, and into the heights of the paradise of Thy reality let me gain admission, O my Adored One!  To the melodies of the dove of Thy oneness suffer me to hearken, O Resplendent One, and through the spirit of Thy power and Thy might quicken me, O my Provider!  In the spirit of Thy love keep me steadfast, O my Succorer, and in the path of Thy good pleasure set firm my steps, O my Maker!  Within the garden of Thine immortality, before Thy countenance, let me abide for ever, O Thou Who art merciful unto me, and upon the seat of Thy glory stablish me, O Thou Who art my Possessor!  To the heaven of Thy loving-kindness lift me up, O my Quickener, and unto the Daystar of Thy guidance lead me, O Thou my Attractor!  Before the revelations of Thine invisible spirit summon me to be present, O Thou Who art my Origin and my Highest Wish, and unto the essence of the fragrance of Thy beauty, which Thou wilt manifest, cause me to return, O Thou Who art my God!
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou art, verily, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the All-Highest.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[422] Prayer UUID: cb86db55-8d79-4d82-a37d-e82dcc6fec0b

FULL TEXT (hz):
*"Baha'i brak je sjedinjenje i duboka naklonost dvoje ljudi. Ipak, oni moraju biti krajnje oprezni i upoznati naravi jedno drugoga. Ova vječna veza treba se osigurati čvrstom pogodbom čiji bi cilj bio: njegovati sklad, prijateljstvo i jedinstvo, te dostići vječni život."


Zavjet braka, stih koji zasebno izgovaraju i nevjesta i mladoženja u prisustvu najmanje dva svjedoka, koje je prihvatilo Lokalno Duhovno vijeće, kako je predviđeno u Kitab-I-Aqdas, Glasi:

*"Mi ćemo svi, doista, živjeti po Volji Božjoj".


On je Darovatelj, Dobrostivi! Hvaljen bio Bog, Drevni, Vjekovječni, Nepromjenjljivi, Vječni! On Koji je posvjedočio u Svom Vlastitom Biću da je doista On Jedan, Jedini, Nesputani, Uzvišeni. Mi svjedočimo da doista nema Boga osim Njega, priznajemo Njegovu jednost, ispovijedamo Njegovu jedinost. On je oduvijek boravio na nedostupnim visinam, na vrhuncima Njegove uzvišenosti, očišćen od spomena bilo čega osim Sebe. A kada je On poželio objaviti milost i blagonaklonost ljudima i dovesti svijet u red, objelodanio je propise stvorio zakone; među ostalim uspostavio je zakon braka, učinio ga utvrdom Blagostanja i spasenja, i dodijelio ga Nama u onome što je poslao dolje iz nebesa svetosti u Presvetoj Knjizi. On kaže:"Vjenčavajte se, o, ljudi, da bi se od vas mogao pojaviti onaj koji će se Mene među Mojim slugama spominjati; ovo je jedna od Mojih zapovijedi vama; pokorite joj se da biste pomogli sebi samima.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB03461MAR (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: *“Bahá’í marriage is union and cordial affection between the two parties.  They must, however, exercise the utmost care and become acquainted with each other's character.  This eternal bond should be made secure by a firm covenant, and the intention should be to foster harmony, fellowship and unity and to attain everlasting life.” —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  “We will, all, verily, abide by the Will of God.”

  [2] BB00001ABI (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[423] Prayer UUID: cd71b69124c7

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH01313NAM (Confidence: %!d(float64=60.55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Thy name is my healing, O my God, and remembrance of Thee is my remedy.  Nearness to Thee is my hope, and love for Thee is my companion.  Thy mercy to me is my healing and my succor in both this world and the world to come.  Thou, verily, art the All-Bountiful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[424] Prayer UUID: cfdf491b-68f0-42fe-b3ad-f350e2855f8e

FULL TEXT (hz):
O, moj Gospodine, Ljubljeni moj, Željo moja! Budi mi prijateljem u samoći i prati me u mom progonstvu. Otkloni žalost moju. Učini da budem odana Ljepoti Tvojoj. Odvuci me od svega osim od Tebe. Privuci me svojim mirisom svetosti. Daj da se u Tvom Kraljevstvu združim s onimakoji se odijeliše od svega osim od Tebe, koji čeznu da na Tvom svetom Pragu služe, koji postojano rade za Tvoju Stvar.

Dopusti da budem jedna od službenica Tvojih koje radost Tvoju dosegnuše. Uistinu, Ti si Milostivi, Velikodušni.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10769 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60.55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O my Lord, my Beloved, my Desire! Befriend me in my loneliness and accompany me in my exile. Remove my sorrow. Cause me to be devoted to Thy beauty. Withdraw me from all else save Thee. Attract me through Thy fragrances of holiness. Cause me to be associated in Thy Kingdom with those who are severed from all else save Thee, who long to serve Thy sacred threshold and who stand to work in Thy Cause. Enable me to be one of Thy maidservants who have attained to Thy good pleasure. Verily, Thou art the Gracious, the Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[430] Prayer UUID: dfad8654-9100-474b-a502-3213459dceb0

FULL TEXT (hz):
# KOVAFE
##(FOR THE DEPARTED)

	Hompa Karunga gwange! Ogu yige mupika Goge namuna mupika Goge gomugara ogu gapulire Moge nemezigido Lyoge, oku ga pirukidisire sipara sendi Koge, ogu ga tundilirako nakunye ntudi Koge kwelike. Yousili, Ove ogu o likida nkenda, Munankenda gomunene.
	Murugane, Ove ogu o dongononapo maunzoni govantu nokumwenenena mapuko gawo, ngwendi moomu lya wapera eguru lyounongo Woge. Mupa mpito mevango lyefironkenda Lyoge Ove ogu wa kara po kutunda ketameko Lyevhu neguru. Kutupu ko Karunga nagepeke ntudi Nyove, Mugusiropo gwanaenye, Munongo gomunene.

* Muninka a rugurure ekundo eli "Allah-u-Abha" yikando ntazimwe, ntani hena a rugurure yikando rona ntane mwankenye kagaununo gona:

	Natuvenye, yousili, Karunga tuna kutongamena.
	Natuvenye, yousili, komeho zaKarunga tuna linyongamena.
	Natuvenye, yousili, kwa Karunga tuna kuligava.
	Natuvenye, yousili, kwa Karunga tuna kufumadeka.
	Natuvenye, yousili, kwa Karunga tuna kugava mpandu.
	Natuvenye, yousili, mwa Karunga tuna kudidimikira.

*(Nsenesi mufe mukadi, muninka a uyunge asi: Ogu Mupikakadi Goge nomunwakadi gomupikakadi goge..)

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH09085 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: * The Prayer for the Dead is the only Bahá’í obligatory prayer that is to be recited in congregation; it is to be recited by one believer while all present stand in silence.  Bahá’u’lláh has clarified that this prayer is required only when the deceased is over the age of fifteen, that its recital must precede interment, and that there is no requirement to face the Qiblih during its recitation.  “Alláh-u-Abhá” is said once; then the first of the six verses is recited nineteen times.  Then “Alláh-u-Abhá” is said again, followed by the second verse, which is recited nineteen times, and so on.
      Last:  *(If the dead be a woman, let him say: This is Thy handmaiden and the daughter of Thy handmaiden, etc...)

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[431] Prayer UUID: e0c48081-bd2a-47f0-8397-4ad8d14356de

FULL TEXT (hz):
Kako da zaspim, o, Bože, moj Bože, kad su oči onih koji čeznu za Tobom budne zbog odvojenosti od Tebe; i kako da legnem otpočinuti dok su duše Tvojih voljenih bolno uznemirene zbog udaljenosti od Tvoga prisustva?

Stavio sam, o, Gospode moj, duh svoj i cijelo svoje biće u desnu ruku Tvoje moći i Tvoje zaštite, a glavu sam svoju položio na jastuk tvoje moći i podizao je prema Tvojoj želji I Tvom zadovoljstvu. Ti si, uistinu, Zaštitnik, Čuvar, Svemoćni, Svemogući.

Tvoje mi moći! Ne tražim ništa ni u snu niti na javi, do li onoga što Ti želiš. Ja sam sluga Tvoj i u Tvojim sam rukama. Pomozi mi milostivo da činim ono što će širiti miris Tvoga zadovoljstva. Ovo je doista moja nada i nada onih koji uživaju u bliskosti s Tobom. Slavljen budi, o, Gospodaru svih svjetova!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00009HOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: How can I choose to sleep, O God, my God, when the eyes of them that long for Thee are wakeful because of their separation from Thee; and how can I lie down to rest whilst the souls of Thy lovers are sore vexed in their remoteness from Thy presence?
      Last:  By Thy might!  I ask not, whether sleeping or waking, but that which Thou dost desire.  I am Thy servant and in Thy hands.  Do Thou graciously aid me to do what will shed forth the fragrance of Thy good pleasure.  This, truly, is my hope and the hope of them that enjoy near access to Thee.  Praised be Thou, O Lord of the worlds!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[434] Prayer UUID: ed561575-3abe-436b-8470-b81336094b62

FULL TEXT (hz):
Sid! Aħna nġibu ħniena, urina l-għoġba tiegħeK; foqra, agħtina sehem mill-oċejan tal-ġid tiegħeK; fil-bżonn, xebbagħna Inti; imkejna, agħtina l-glorja tiegħeK. It-tjur tas-sema u l-bhejjem tal-għalqa jingħataw l-ikel kuljum mingħandeK, u l-ħlejjaq kollha jieħdu sehemhom mill-ħsieb u mill-ħanina mħabbteK.

La ċċaħħadx lil dan id-dgħajef mill-grazzja tiegħeK tal-għaġeb u ferrex bis-setgħa tiegħeK fuq din ir-ruħ bla ħila it-tjieba tiegħeK.

Agħtina il-ħobż ta’ kuljum, u kattar il-ħtiġijiet tal-ħajja, biex ma naqgħu fuq ħadd għajr fuqeK, ningħaqdu għal kollox miegħeK, nimxu fi triqateK u nsemmgħu il-misteri tiegħeK. Int is-Setgħani u Li Thobb u li Tforni lill-bnedmin kollha.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00431PIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=60.55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Lord!  Pitiful are we, grant us Thy favor; poor, bestow upon us a share from the ocean of Thy wealth;needy, do Thou satisfy us; abased, give us Thy glory.  The fowls of the air and the beasts of the field receive their meat each day from Thee and all beings partake of Thy care and loving kindness.
      Last:  Give us our daily bread and grant Thine increase in the necessities of life, that we may be dependent on none other than Thee, may commune wholly with Thee, may walk in Thy ways and declare Thy mysteries. Thou art the Almighty and the Loving and the Provider of all mankind.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[435] Prayer UUID: f236da1a-75ec-4e5c-95d8-97833a1fd28e

FULL TEXT (hz):
O Alla, Alla tiegħi! Jiena dort niedem lejK, u fis-sew Int Dak li Jaħfer, li Jħenn. 

O Alla, Alla tiegħi! Jien erġajt lura lejK, u fis-sew Int Dak li Jaħfer-Dejjem, il-Ħlejju.

O Alla, Alla tiegħi! Jien iddendilt mal-ħabel tat-tjieba tiegħeK, u miegħek il maħżen ta’ kulma jinsab fis-sema u fl-art.

O Alla, Alla tiegħi! Jien għaġġilt lejK, u fis-sew Int Dak li Jaħfer, is-sid tal-Grazzja kotrana.
 
O Alla, Alla tiegħi! Jien għandi l-għatx għall-inbid smewwi tal-grazzja tiegħeK, u fis-sew Int Dak li  Jagħti, il-Qalb Kbira, il-Ħlejju, is-Setgħani.

O Alla, Alla tiegħi! Jiena nixħed li Int kxift il-Kawża tiegħeK, żammejt il-wegħda tiegħeK u bgħatt mis-sema tal-grazzja tiegħeK dak li ġibed lejK il-qlub tal-magħġubin tiegħeK. Tajjeb għalih dak li żamm sod mal-ħabel sod tiegħeK u qabad ma’ tarf ilbieseK middi!

Jien nistaqsiK, O Sid ta’ kull maħluq u Sultan ta’ dak li jidher u ta’ dak li ma jidherx, f’ġieh il-Qawwa tiegħeK, il-maestà tiegħeK u s-saltna tiegħeK, li tagħmel li ismi ikun imħażżez mill-pinna tiegħeK tal-glorja fost id-devoti tiegħeK, dawk li l-parċmini tal-midinbin ma fixxkilhomx milli jduru lejn id-dawl ta wiċċeK, O Int Li tisma’ t-talb, Alla Li t-talb twieġeb!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH07775 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O God, my God!  I have turned in repentance unto Thee, and verily Thou art the Pardoner, the Compassionate.
      Last:  I ask Thee, O Lord of all being and King of the seen and unseen, by Thy power, Thy majesty and Thy sovereignty, to grant that my name may be recorded by Thy pen of glory among Thy devoted ones, them whom the scrolls of the sinful hindered not from turning to the light of Thy countenance, O prayer-hearing, prayer-answering God!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[436] Prayer UUID: f5b49c98-aec4-424c-b8e4-47218fa58c5e

FULL TEXT (hz):
Jien qomt dal-għodu bil-grazzja tiegħeK, O Alla tiegħi, u ħallejt dari b’fiduċja sħiħa fiK, u nerħi lili nnifsi f’idejK. Niżżel fuqi, immela, mis-sema tal-ħniena tiegħeK, barka min-naħa tiegħeK, u ħallini nerġa lura d-dar qawwi u sħiħ kif Inti ħallejtni noħroġ taħt il- harsien tiegħeK  bi ħsebijieti fissi fuqeK. 

M’hemmx Alla ieħor għajreK, il-Wieħed, li Bħalu M’Hemmx, li Jaf Kollox, il-Għaref f’Kollox.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00009GRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=60.55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: I have risen this morning by Thy grace, O my God, and left my home trusting wholly in Thee, and committing myself to Thy care.  Send down, then, upon me, out of the heaven of Thy mercy, a blessing from Thy side, and enable me to return home in safety even as Thou didst enable me to set out under Thy protection with my thoughts fixed steadfastly upon Thee.
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Incomparable, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[437] Prayer UUID: fa7e9f53-2de0-45b3-839f-d254963a96d0

FULL TEXT (hz):
O Alla tiegħi, għin Int lill-qaddej tiegħeK ħa’ jqajjem il-Kelma, u jmeri dak li hu fieragħ u falz, isejjes is-sew, ixerred fil-wisa’ il-vrus imqaddsa, jikxef id-dijiet, u jġagħal dawl il-għodwa isebbaħ fil-qlub tat-tajbin. 

Inti, fis-sew, il-Ġeneruż,  Li Taħfer.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB05805SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=60.55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O my God, aid Thou Thy servant to raise up the Word, and to refute what is vain and false, to establish the truth, to spread the sacred verses abroad, reveal the splendors, and make the morning's light to dawn in the hearts of the righteous.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Generous, the Forgiving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________


═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
LANGUAGE: ID
═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[440] Prayer UUID: 023ac94f-4ade-4e79-a6dc-707e37e8b8da

FULL TEXT (id):
Guuti-aa, Guutiga! Asannitsivit ilumoortut qaavi qaammarsakkit, ajugaanerullu qularnaateqanngitsup inngiliisa katersaavinik tapersersukkit. Aqqutinni narlusuumi tummarneri aalajaallisakkit, Saammaannerillu qangarsuaaniilli pisoq pillugu, Pilluaqqusinerpit isaaffii taakku saavanni ammakkit; ilami Illit aqqutinni Illit tunissutitit tunniussuuppaat, Upperisat isumannaallisarlugu, Ilinnillu eqqaamanninnertik tatigalugu, uummatitik Ilinnut asannillutik pilliutigalugit, pigisatillu tunuarsimaartinngilaat Illit Kusanassusernik qinnuiginninnerminni Ilinnik nuannaartitsinissamik atortussanik qinaasiuarlutik.

Naalagaq-aa! Naammalluartumik agguagassarsitikkit, siumut

aalajangeriikkamik taarsiivigalugit, qularnaatsumillu akilikkit. Ilumoortumik Tassaavutit Atatitsisoq, Ikiorti, Tukkortoq, Saammaassoq, Isoqanngitsumillu Tunisiuartoq.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[442] Prayer UUID: 04239a4e-9156-48b8-9b6c-3e72314f27ae

FULL TEXT (id):
О мій Боже, мій Повелителю, Ціле прагнення Мого! Сей слуга Твій шукає сну у захистку милосердя Твого і спочинку під пологом благодаті Твоєї, благаючи про турботу Твою й опіку.

Молю Тебе, о мій Господи, оком Твоїм невсипущим оберігати очі мої від споглядання усього іншого, крім Тебе. Тож посиль їх проникливість, аби могли вони розрізнити знамення Твої й узріти обрій Твого Одкровення. Ти є Той, перед одкровенням Чиєї всемогутності тремтить сама сутність сили. Немає Бога, крім Тебе, Всемогутнього, Всепідкоряючого, Необмеженого.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00018MAJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: All majesty and glory, O my God, and all dominion and light and grandeur and splendor be unto Thee.  Thou bestowest sovereignty on whom Thou willest and dost withhold it from whom Thou desirest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.  Thou art He Who createth from naught the universe and all that dwell therein. There is nothing worthy of Thee except Thyself, while all else but Thee are as outcasts in Thy holy presence and are as nothing when compared to the glory of Thine Own Being.
      Last:  * 1. Qur'án 6:103

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[443] Prayer UUID: 043cc1c5-4879-4975-86fe-04ed6310449a

FULL TEXT (id):
* Kinaluunniit naalagaaffinni makkunani illoqarfitsigut nunaqarfitsigullu angalasoq Guutillu tipigissusianik naamajuminartumik siaruarterinissamik ilungersuuteqartoq ullaat tamaasa qinnummik uannga 
 tuartassagaluarpoq.

Guutiga-aa! Guutiga-aa! Nikanassutsinni sanngiissutsinnilu isigaarma suliassamik annerpaamik ilungersuuteqartunga, aalajangersimallunga Illit oqaatsivit inuiassuarni oqalliserinissaa Ajoqersuutillu Illit innuttavit akornanni siammarternissaa. Qanoq ililluni uannut iluatsissinnaava Illit Anersaavit Illernartup anersaarneranit tapersersorneqanngikkuma, Illit Kunngeqarfinnit nuannersumit sakkutoorpassuarnit   jugaanissamut ikiorneqanngikkuma, Illillu uppernarsaanitit uannut aqqartinngikkukkit, Taannatuaasutit ippernamik nattoralinngortitsisinnaasoq, kuseriarnermik kuussuanngortitsillunilu imanngortitsillunilu, suarsunnguamillu qaamaninngortitsillunilu Seqininngortitsisinnaasoq?

Naalagara-aa! Pissaaninnik ajugaagajuttumik sunniilluartartumillu ikiunnga, oqara Ilinnik nersorinnissummik appinniassammat, inuiannilu tamani Illit piginnaassutsinnik nnersiutiginninniassammat aammalu tarnigalu Illit asanninnerpit ilisimassutsivillu viinnianik nuannaaruteqangaarniassammat. Illit tassaavutit Ajugaqanngitsoq, Namminerlu piumasaminik iliorsinnaasoq.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[444] Prayer UUID: 045b86a7-68f2-463e-939f-00eb17aa1353

FULL TEXT (id):
Ya Engkau, Tuhan Yang Tiada Banding Taranya! Ya Engkau, Raja Kerajaan! Jiwa-jiwa ini adalah bala tentara surgawi-Mu. Tolonglah mereka itu, dan menangkanlah mereka dengan bantuan dari Penghuni Tertinggi, sehingga masing-masing mereka akan menjadi bagaikan satu rombongan dan menaklukkan daerah-daerah ini dengan cinta Tuhan dan cahaya ajaran-ajaran Ilahi.
Ya Tuhan! Jadilah Engkau Pendukung dan Penolong mereka itu; dan di gurun, di gunung, di lembah, di hutan, di padang rumput serta di laut, jadilah Engkau sahabat karib mereka, supaya mereka dapat berseru dengan kekuatan dari Kerajaan dan hembusan Roh Suci. Sesungguhnya, Engkaulah Yang Maha Kuat, Yang Maha Perkasa, Yang Maha Kuasa dan Engkaulah Yang Maha Arif, Yang Maha Mendengar, Yang Maha Melihat.

*"Jelaslah bahwa pada hari ini bantuan Ilahi yang gaib meliputi mereka yang menyampaikan Amanat Tuhan, dan jika pekerjaan menyampaikan Amanat itu diabaikan, bantuan ini akan di-putuskan sama sekali, karena tidaklah mungkin bagi para sahabat Tuhan menerima bantuan kecuali mereka itu menyampaikan Amanat ini."

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00949WIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  Graciously bestow a pair of heavenly wings unto each of these fledglings, and give them spiritual power that they may wing their flight through this limitless space and may soar to the heights of the Abhá Kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful; Thou art the Bestower and the All-Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[448] Prayer UUID: 0bc5eebc-45b9-41a3-9d46-78d61db08168

FULL TEXT (id):
## SEMBAHYANG MENENGAH
* Dilaksanakan tiga kali sehari: pagi, tengah hari dan petang.
* Barangsiapa yang hendak melakukan sembahyang, terlebih dahulu harus mencuci kedua tangannya seraya mengucapkan:

Ya Tuhanku, kuatkanlah tanganku agar dapat memegang Kitab-Mu sedemikian teguhnya sehingga laskar-laskar dunia tak akan berdaya terhadapnya. Kemudian jagalah ia supaya jangan bercampur tangan dengan segala sesuatu yang tidak termasuk hak miliknya. Sesungguhnya, Engkau Yang Maha Kuasa, Yang Maha Kuat.

* Dan membasuh mukanya seraya mengucapkan:

Ya Tuhanku, hamba telah menghadapkan wajah hamba kepada-Mu! Terangilah dia dengan sinar wajah- Mu. Kemudian peliharalah dia supaya jangan mengha- dap kepada siapa pun selain Engkau.

* Kemudian ia harus berdiri mengarahkan mukanya ke Kiblat dan mengucapkan:

Tuhan naik saksi bahwa tiada Tuhan lain kecuali Dia. Kepunyaan Dialah segala kerajaan Wahyu dan alam ciptaan. Sesungguhnya Ia telah menjelmakan Dia yang menjadi Tempat Terbit Wahyu, yang berbicara di Sinai, yang karena Dia, telah bersinarlah Ufuk Yang Maha Tinggi, dan telah ber-bicaralah Sidratul Muntaha, dan karena Dia, seruan telah diumumkan kepada semua yang ada di langit dan di bumi: "Lihatlah Sang Pemilik telah datang. Seluruh bumi dan Surga, kemuliaan dan kekuasaan kepunyaan Tuhan, Raja semua manusia dan Pemilik Arasy dan bumi!"

Kemudian ia ruku sambil mengucapkan:

Lebih mulialah Engkau di atas pujianku dan pujian orang lain daripadaku dan lebih mulialah Engkau di atas sifat-sifat yang kuberikan kepada-Mu dan yang diberikan oleh semua orang yang ada di langit dan di bumi!

* Kemudian ia berdiri dan berkunut sambil mengucapkan:

Ya Tuhanku, janganlah Engkau mengecewakan dia yang dengan jari-jari permohonan telah memegang ujung jubah rahmat-Mu dan kurnia-Mu. Ya Engkau yang lebih Penyayang dari segala penyayang.

* Kemudian ia duduk dan mengucapkan:

Hamba naik saksi atas keesaan-Mu dan ketunggalan-Mu dan bahwasanya Engkaulah Tuhan, tiada Tuhan lain kecuali Engkau. Sesungguhnya Engkau telah mewahyukan Firman-Mu, memenuhi Perjanjian-Mu dan membukakan pintu kurnia-Mu lebar-lebar bagi semua yang ada di langit dan di bumi.

Salawat dan salam, takbir dan kemuliaan bagi kekasih-kekasih-Mu yang tidak terhalangi oleh perubahan-perubahan dan nasib-nasib dunia untuk menghadap kepada-Mu, dan telah mengorbankan segala sesuatu yang ada pada mereka, dengan harapan agar menerima apa yang ada pada-Mu. Sesungguhnya, Engkau Maha Pengampun dan Maha Dermawan.

*[Seandainya seseorang memilih untuk membaca ayat berikut sebagai ganti dari ayat yang panjang; hal ini akan mencukupi:

Tuhan naik saksi bahwa tiada Tuhan melainkan Dia, Penolong Dalam Bahaya, Yang Berdiri
Sendiri.

* Dan begitu juga pada waktu duduk, akan mencukupi jika ia memilih untuk membaca ayat berikut ini:

* Hamba naik saksi atas keesaan-Mu dan ketunggalan-Mu, dan bahwasanya Engkaulah Tuhan, dan tiada Tuhan selain Engkau.]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[450] Prayer UUID: 0d4f0f92-e26c-43bb-8577-06ff8c8ebaed

FULL TEXT (id):
Ya Tuhan Yang Maha Pengasih! Engkau adalah Pelindung bagi semua hamba-hamba-Mu ini. Engkau mengetahui rahasia-rahasia dan sadar akan segala sesuatu. Kami semua tak berdaya dan Engkaulah Yang Maha Kuat dan Maha Kuasa. Kami semua orang yang berdosa dan Engkaulah Pengampun dosa-dosa, Yang Maha Pengasih dan Maha Penyayang. Ya Tuhan! Janganlah melihat pada kekurangan-kekurangan kami. Perlakukanlah kami sesuai dengan rahmat dan karunia- Mu. Kekurangan-kekurangan kami banyak tetapi samudera pengampunan-Mu tak terbatas. Kelemahan kami menyedihkan tetapi bukti-bukti dari bantuan dan pertolongan-Mu nyata. Maka teguhkanlah dan kuatkan- lah kami. Mungkinkanlah kami berbuat apa yang layak bagi Ambang pintu-Mu yang suci. Terangilah kalbu- kalbu kami, berilah kami mata yang tajam dan telinga yang mendengar. Hidupkanlah yang mati dan sembuh- kanlah yang sakit.
Anugerahilah kekayaan kepada yang miskin dan berilah ketentraman dan keamanan kepada yang takut. Terimalah kami di kerajaan-Mu dan terangilah kami dengan cahaya bimbingan. Engkaulah Maha Kuasa dan Maha Kuat. Engkaulah yang Dermawan. Engkaulah Maha Pengasih, Engkaulah Yang Baik Hati.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [2] ABU0070GAT (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These are Thy servants who have gathered in this meeting, have turned unto Thy kingdom and are in need of Thy bestowal and blessing. O Thou God! Manifest and make evident the signs of Thy oneness which have been deposited in all the realities of life. Reveal and unfold the virtues which Thou hast made latent and concealed in these human realities.
      Last:  Thou art mighty. Thou art powerful. Thou art the Giver, and Thou art the Ever-Bounteous.

  [3] AB07124 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Who art generous and merciful! We are servants of Thy threshold and are gathered beneath the sheltering shadow of Thy divine unity. The sun of Thy mercy is shining upon all, and the clouds of Thy bounty shower upon all. Thy gifts encompass all, Thy loving providence sustains all, Thy protection overshadows all, and the glances of Thy favor are cast upon all. O Lord! Grant Thine infinite bestowals, and let the light of Thy guidance shine. Illumine the eyes, gladden the hearts with abiding joy. Confer a new spirit upon all people and bestow upon them eternal life. Unlock the gates of true understanding and let the light of faith shine resplendent. Gather all people beneath the shadow of Thy bounty and cause them to unite in harmony, so that they may become as the rays of one sun, as the waves of one ocean, and as the fruit of one tree. May they drink from the same fountain. May they be refreshed by the same breeze. May they receive illumination from the same source of light. Thou art the Giver, the Merciful, the Omnipotent.

  [4] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[454] Prayer UUID: 10e766de-6aa2-4040-96c1-52d2ab1c85a6

FULL TEXT (id):
## PINNGITSOORANI QINNUTISSAQ TAKINEQ

* ULLOQ UNNUARLU ATAASIARLUGU TAANEQARTASSAAQ. 


* Kialuunniit kissaatigissappagu qinnut inna atuassallugu, nikuilli Guutimullu saalluni, taavalu nikorfavimminiitilluni talerpimmut saamimmullu qiviarli soorlulusooq Naalakkaminit nakkinnineq utaqqillugu, tassaasoq Naakkinninnerpaasoq, Misiginneqataasoq. Taavalu oqarli: 



Illit-aa Tassaasutit aqqit tamarmik Naalagaat qilaallu Pinngortitsisuat! Suussutsivit ersinngitsup, Qutsinnersaasup Naalannangaartup Qaammalerneri aqqutigalugit torlorfígaakkit qinnutiga tassaaqqullugu Illit kusanassutsinnik assiaqutaasimasunut inneq nungusaasoq, qaamaanerlu Qanissutsivit Imarsuanut aqqutissiuisussaq.


* Taavalu assani Guutimut - Taanna pilluaqquneqarli nersornangaarlunilu, qinulluni qullarligit - oqarlunilu:


Illit-aa silarsuup Erinigisaa, inuiaqatigiillu tamarmik Asasaat! Isigaarma Ilinnut saattunga, sumillu allamit Illiunngitsumit kaanngaqqasunga, Allunaasat najummatserfigigiga, taassumap aalaneratigut pinngortitaq tamarmi aalaterneqarsimavoq. Tassaavunga kiffat, Naalagaq-aa, kiffavillu ernera. Isiginnga Kissaatigisat Piumasallu suliarissallugu piareeqqallunga nikorfasunga, allamimmi kissaateqannginnama taamaallaat Nuannaarnerit. Ilungersorlunga qinnuigaakkit Naakkinninnerpit Imaatigut Saammaannerpillu Ulluata Ulloriaa aqqutigalugu, kiffat Piumasat Kissaatigisallu malillugu peqqullugu. Piumasat eqqartuinernit unnersiutigineqarnernillu tamanit qutsinnerpaasoq pillugu! Sunaluunniit Ilinnit saqqummersinneqarsimasoq tassaavoq uummatima kipisaffígisaa tarnimalu asasaa. Guuti-aa, Guutiga! Neriuutikka suliakkalu isiginagit Piumasat qilannik nunamillu tamanit ungusisimasoq taamaallaat isiguuk. Aqqit Sunik Tamanit Anginersaasoq pillugu, Illit-aa inuiaqatigiit tamarmik Naalagaat! Kissaatigisat kisiat kissaatigivara. Asasallu kisiat asallugu. 

* Taavalu seeqqummerli, qaanilu nunamut tutsilliuk, oqarlunilu: 

Kialuunniit Illiungitsup nassuiaaneranit paasinnissinnaaneranillu qutsinnerungaarputit. 

* Taavalu nikuilluni oqarli: 

Qinnutiga, Illit-aa Naalagara, imermik uumassutissalimmik puilasunngortiguk, tassuunakkut uumasinnaaqqullunga Naalagaaffippit ataneratut sivisutigisumik, Illillu Silarsuarpit arlaanniluunniit eqqartorsinnaaqqullutit.


* Taavalu qinulluni assani qullarligit oqarlunilu:


Illit-aa, pillutit uummatit tarningillu Ilinnik avissaarsimanertik pillugu suujunnaarsimasut. Asanninnerpillu innera pillugu silarsuaq tamarmi ikuallalersimasoq! Ilungersorlunga qinnuigaakkit Atikkut, taanna aqqutigalugu pinngortitaq tamaat naalatsigilersimasat, Ilinniittut suulluunniit uannit tunuarsimateqqunagit, Illit-aa inunnut tamanut Naalagaasoq! Isigaat, Naalagara-aa, takornartaq manna angerlarsimaffímminut qutsingaartumut Naalannangaarsutsivit issiavissaarsuata qilaannguusaata ataani ittumut, Naakkinnissutsivillu oqartussaaffianut nukingertoq; unioqqutitsisorlu manna Isumakkeerinerpit Imaanik ujarlertoq; pinngortitarlu manna piitsoq Pisuussutsivit Qaamaneranut saattoq. Sukkulluunniit Piumasannik naalakkiinissamut oqartussaassuseq tigummivat. Nalunaajaatigaara sukkulluunniit Iliuutsitit tamarmik unnersiutigineqartussaasut, Peqqussutitillu maleruarneqassasut, Naalakkiinikkullu killeqanngittuaannassasutit.


* Taavalu assani qullarligit Aqqillu Anginersaat (Alláh’u’Abhá) pingasoriarluni uterliuk. Taavalu sikili assani seeqquminut tutsillugit Guutip - Taanna pilluaqquneqarli unnersiutigineqarlunilu - saavani oqarlunilu: 

Isigaat, Guutiga-aa, anersaara Ilinnik qinnuiginnikkumalluni kipisanermini Ilinnillu eqqaamannikkumalluni unnersiutiginnikkumallunilu ilungersornermini timiga tamakkerlugu qanoq killinneqangaarsimatigisoq; qanorlu ililluni Peqqussutsivit Oqaata Oqalunnerpit naalagaaffiani Ilisimassutsivillu Qilaani nalunaajaatigisaa nalunaajaatigigaa. Taamatut itsillunga, Naalagara-aa, allamik asasaqanngilanga taamaallaat Ilinniittoq sunaluunniit Ilinnut qinnutigissallugu, taamaalillugu piitsuussusera takutinniassagakku Tukkussutsit Pisuussutsillu unnersiutiginiassagakku, taamatullu sanngiissusera nalunaarutigissallugu Pissaanerit Nakuussutsillu ersersinniassagakku.


* Taavalu nikuilluni assani marloriarlugit qinuutigaluni kivilligit oqarlunilu: 

	Allamik Illiunngitsumik Guuteqanngilaq, Ajugaqanngitsoq, sunit tamanit Tukkunerpaajusoq. Allamik Illiunngitsumik Guuteqanngilaq, aallaqqaataani naggataanilu Atortunngortitsisoq. Guuti-aa, Guutiga! Isumakkeerinerpit sapiissusermik tunisimavaanga, Naakkinnissutsivillu nakussatsissimavaanga, Qaaqqusinerpillu itertissimavaanga, Saammaannerpillu qummut kivissimavaanga Ilinnullu ingerlatillunga. Kinaassagaluaramami Qanissutsivit illoqarfiata isaariaata saavani sapiiserlunga nikorfassaguma, kiinaraluunniit Piumassutsivit qilaata qaamanerata qinngornerisa tungaanut saatsissagukku? Isigaat, Naalagara-aa, una pinngortitaq nallinnartoq Saammaannerpit matuanut kasuttortoq, tarnerlu manna qarsupittoq Tukkussutsivit assaanit inuunerup naassaanngitsup kuussuanik ujarlertoq. Naalakkiineq qaquguluunniit Ilinniittuarpoq, Illit-aa Tassaasutit aqqit tamarmik Naalagaat; uangalu pisussaaffigaara asiginnaaneq tunniutiinnarumanerlu, Illit-aa Qilaat Pinngortitsisuat! 


* Taavalu assani pingasoriarlugit kivilligit oqarlunilu: 


Guuti sunit annerusunit tamanit anginersaavoq! 

* Taavalu seeqqumiarli qaanilu nunamut tutsilliuk oqarlunilu: 

Ilinnut qanittuusut unnersiutiginninnerisa Qanissutsivit qilaanut qullarnissaannit Qutsinnerungaarputit, Ilinnulluunniit tunniusimasut uummataasa timmiaasa Isaaffippit kusanartup matuata eqqaanut pinissaannut. Nalunaajaatigaara piginnaassutsit aqqillu tamaasa qaangerlugit Illernartitaagavit. Allamik Illiunngitsumik Guuteqanngilaq, sunit tamanit Qutsinnerpaasoq, sunillu tamanit Naalannarnerpaasoq. 


* Taavalu ingilli oqarlunilu:


Pinngortitaasimasut tamarmik nalunaajaatigisimasaat nalunaajaatigaara, qutsissumillu Katersaarsuit Paradisimilu qutsinnerpaajusumi najugallit, taakkulu qulaanni Angissutsip Oqaa Killingiusaami qaammarinnerpaasumumiittoq, tassaasutit Guuti, allamillu Illiunngitsumik Guuteqanngitsoq, aammalu Taanna Saqqummersinneqarsimasoq, tassaasoq Paasissaalluanngitsoq Toqqortaq, assersuut Erlinnangaartoq, Taannalu aqqutigalugu naqinnerit P I L E R I T (Pilerit) katitinneqarsimapput qilerneqarsimallutillu. Nalunaajaatigaara, Tassaasoq Taanna, Aqqa Qutsinnerpaap Allaataanik nalunaarsorneqarsimasoq, aammalu Guutip Atuagaanni eqqartorneqarsimasoq, Tassaasoq qutsissup Issiavissaarsuata taassumalu ataaniittup nunap Naalagaa. 


* Taavalu nikuilluni oqarli: 

Illit-aa pinngortitaanerup suulluunniit Naalagaa, ersitsunik ersinngitsunillu tamanik Piginnittoq, Qulliikka anersaaminikkalu malugaatit, kappialanikka, aliasunnera, uummatimalu nimaarnera tusaavatit. Pissaanerit pillugu! Unioqqutitsinimma Ilinnut qanillinissara akornusersimavaat; ajortuliammalu Illernassutsivit najugaanit tunuarsimatissimavaannga. Asanninnerpit, Naalagara-aa, pisuttorsarsimavaanga, Ilinnillu avissarsimanerup suujunnaarsissimavaanga, Ilinnillu ungasissuunerup piuneerutsissimavaanga. Torlulaffigaakkit maani inoqajuitsumi Tumivit eqqaanni, oqaatsillu makku atorlugit "Maaniippunga. Maaniippunga” soorlu Toqqakkavit killeqanngitsumik tamanna oqaatigiuarsimagaat, Saqqummersitavillu anersaartorneri aqqutigalugit Nalunaarutiginninnerpit Qaalernerata anorai sallaatsut pillugit, akuereqquvunga Kusanassusernik isiginnissinnaaqqullunga Atuakkavillu Peqqussutai tamaasa maleqqullugit. 


* Taavalu Aqqit Anginersaat pingasoriarluni uterliuk, seeqquminullu assani ilillugit sikili oqarlunilu: 

Unnersiutigineqarit, Guutiga-aa, Ilinnik eqqaamanninnissannut unnersiutiginninnissannullu ikiorsimagamma, aammalu Taanna Ilisarnaativit Qaalernera uannut ilisaritissimagakku, Angissutsit pillugu pallorfiginnittunngortissimagamma, Nalissaqanngissutsivillu saavani maniguuttunngortissimagamma, Angissutsivillu Oqaanit oqaatigineqarsimasut ilisaritissimagakkit. 

* Taavalu nikuilli oqarlunilu: 

Guuti-aa, Guutiga! Qitiga ajortimma artornartumit peqitinneqarsimavoq, soqutigisaqanngissutsimalu suujunnaarsissimavaanga. Qaqugukkulluunniit iliuusikka ajortut Illillu ajunngissutsit eqqarsaatigillualeraangakkit uummatiga ilunni aakkiartulersarpoq, aagalu taqqanni qalattutut ilersarluni. Kusanassutsit pillugu, Illit-aa silarsuup Erinigisaa! Kiinara Ilinnut saatsikkakku aappillerpunga, assakkalu kipisattut kanngusullutik Saammaannerpit Qilaata tungaanut siaarsimapput. Isigaat, Guutiga-aa, qanoq qullimma Ilinnik eqqaamanninnissara, Piginnaassutsinnilu qutsingaartunik unnersiutiginninnissara akornuseraat, Illit-aa Issiavissaarsuup qutsinnermiittup, taassumalu ataaniittup Nunap Naalagaa! Ilungersorlunga qinnuigaakkit Naalagaaffippit ilisarnaatai tupinnartortaalu pillugit, asasatit Tukkussutsit naapertorlugu peqqullugit, Illit-aa pinngortitat tamarmik Naalagaat, taakkumi Saammaanninnut naleqqulluarmata, Illit-aa ersitsut ersinngitsullu Naalagaat! 

* Taavalu Aqqit Anginersaat pingasoriarluni utertarliuk, qaanilu nunamut tutsillugu seeqqummerli, oqarlunilu: 

Unnersiutigineqarit Guuterput-aa, uagutsinnut aallartitsisimagavit Ilinnut qanillisitsisussamik, ajunngitsunillu tamanik eqqaamasaratsigut Ilinnik aallartitanik Atuakkatit Allagaatitillu aqqutigalugit. Sernissortigut, taamatut qinnuigaatsigit, Naalagara-aa, sinnatuinnaat iluaqutaanngitsut isumapalaallu piunngitsut sakkutoorpassuinit. Illit, ilumut tassaavutit Pissaanilik, sunik tamanik Ilisimasaqartoq. 

* Taavalu niaqqi qullarliuk, ingillunilu oqarli: 

Guutiga-aa, nalunaajaatigaara toqqakkavit nalunaajaatigisimasaat, akuersissutigalugulu Paradisip qutsinnerussaartup innuttaasa Issiavissaarsuarpillu eqqaani kaavissimasut akuersissutigisimasaat. Nunarsuup qilaallu Naalagaaffii Illit pigaatit, Illit-aa silarsuit Naalagaat!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[455] Prayer UUID: 11736963-6cca-48f5-a599-9002eaa3245e

FULL TEXT (id):
O Ou menm Senyè Ki gen kè sansib! Sèvitè Ou sa yo te reyini nan rankont sa a, yo te vire nan direksyon wayòm Ou an e yo bezwen sipò Ou ak benediksyon Ou. O Ou menm Bondye! Devwale epi fè siyn linite Ou yo vin klè - siyn Ou te mete nan tout reyalite lavi a. Revele epi devlope tout kalite Ou te etabli yo e kache nan reyalite imen sa yo.
O Bondye! Nou tankou plant yo, e bonte Ou tankou lapli; rafrechi plant sa yo e fè yo grandi avèk favè Ou yo. Nou se sèvitè Ou; libere nou anba chenn egzistans materyèl la. Nou manke konprann; ban nou sajès. Nou tankou mò yo; soufle souf lavi a nan nou menm. Nou se kreyati materyèl; ranpli nou ak lespri a. Nou malere; devwale sekrè Ou pou nou. Nou nan nesesite; anrichi nou e beni nou ak trezò Ou ki pa gen limit la. O Bondye! Resisite nou; fè nou wè; fè nou tande; fè nou aprann mistè lavi a, pou pèmèt sekrè wayòm Ou an vin revele pou nou nan mond materyèl sa a, pou nou kapab rekonèt Ou se youn sèl. Tout bonte soti nan Ou menm; chak benediksyon se pou Ou. 
Ou pisan. Ou plen pouvwa. Se Ou menm Ki Bay, e se Ou menm Ki Toujou Plen Bonte.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [2] AB07124 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Who art generous and merciful! We are servants of Thy threshold and are gathered beneath the sheltering shadow of Thy divine unity. The sun of Thy mercy is shining upon all, and the clouds of Thy bounty shower upon all. Thy gifts encompass all, Thy loving providence sustains all, Thy protection overshadows all, and the glances of Thy favor are cast upon all. O Lord! Grant Thine infinite bestowals, and let the light of Thy guidance shine. Illumine the eyes, gladden the hearts with abiding joy. Confer a new spirit upon all people and bestow upon them eternal life. Unlock the gates of true understanding and let the light of faith shine resplendent. Gather all people beneath the shadow of Thy bounty and cause them to unite in harmony, so that they may become as the rays of one sun, as the waves of one ocean, and as the fruit of one tree. May they drink from the same fountain. May they be refreshed by the same breeze. May they receive illumination from the same source of light. Thou art the Giver, the Merciful, the Omnipotent.

  [3] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[457] Prayer UUID: 140f0a50-8770-4e7a-a160-3b0dad3d6a8b

FULL TEXT (id):
О деревця й саджанці, довершені й ніжні, що зростають у лугах керівництва! О ви, новоприбульці до Братства Істини!

Хоча зараз ви учні, плекаємо надію, що завдяки зливам хмар благодаті станете вчителями, дасте пишний цвіт, немов квіти й запашні трави в садочку знань, що належать як розумові, так і серцю. Кожен з вас буятиме, неначе дерево, багате своїм врожаєм, пишне, свіже та міцне, рясно вкрите солодкими плодами.

Нехай завдяки потаємній Божій підтримці кожен з вас перетвориться на джерельце знань. Хай серця ваші повсякчас отримують натхнення від Жителів Вишнього сонму. Хай краплинка стане морем великим, а пилинка засяє сліпуче, мов сонце.

Його Святість Баб промовляв: „Якщо мала мурашка в день сей забажає здобути таку силу, аби прояснити найбільш незрозумілі й туманні місця Корану, прагнення її, без сумніву, збудеться, бо в найзаповітнішому єстві всього сущого пульсує таїна вічної могутності”. Коли безпорадне створіння може набути такої вправності, наскільки більш дійовою мусить бути сила, вивільнена щедрими потоками благодаті Багаулли?! Яке ж непорівнянне підкріплення отримуємо, який багатий сердечний набуток маємо!

Тож, о просвітлена юне, щодень і щоніч докладайте зусиль, аби розгадати таємниці розуму й духу та збагнути секрети Божого Дня. Сповніться свідченнями проблисків Найвеличнішого Імені. Розкрийте уста свої у прославлянні. Наводьте переконливі докази та обміркування. Ведіть спраглих до водограю життя, а недужих обдаровуйте істинним здоров’ям. Станьте підручними Божими, будьте лікарями, керованими Богом, і зцілюйте немічних. Приймайте вигнанців у коло найближчих друзів. Обдаровуйте надією сповнених відчаю. Пробуджуйте сплячих, безпечних робіть уважними.

Такими є плоди сього земного життя. Таким є положення променистої слави.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [2] AB00004REN (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

  [3] BH08824 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified, O Lord my God, be Thy Name, whereby the trees of the garden of Thy Revelation have been clad with verdure, and been made to yield the fruits of holiness during this Springtime when the sweet savors of Thy favors and blessings have been wafted over all things, and caused them to bring forth whatsoever had been preordained for them in the Kingdom of Thine irrevocable decree and the Heaven of Thine immutable purpose. I beseech Thee by this very Name not to suffer me to be far from the court of Thy holiness, nor debarred from the exalted sanctuary of Thy unity and oneness.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XCVI

  [4] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[459] Prayer UUID: 159d75fe-c47f-484f-9f95-5a469753385b

FULL TEXT (id):
Maha mulialah Engkau, ya Rabi Tuhanku! Aku bersyukur kepada-Mu, karena Engkau telah menciptakan daku pada hari-hari-Mu, dan meresapkan kasih-Mu serta pengetahuan-Mu ke dalam diriku. Aku memohon kepada-Mu, demi nama-Mu, yang melaluinya mutiara-mutiara indah hikmat-Mu dan ucapan-Mu dikeluarkan dari khazanah kalbu hamba-hamba-Mu yang karib dengan Dikau, dan yang melaluinya sinar Surya nama-Mu, Yang Maha Penyayang, telah dipancarkan ke atas segala yang ada di langit-Mu dan di bumi-Mu, agar menganugerahi daku, demi rahmat dan kedermawanan-Mu, dengan kurnia-Mu yang menakjubkan dan yang gaib.
Inilah hari-hari permulaan kehidupanku, ya Tuhan-ku, yang telah Engkau hubungkan dengan hari-hari-Mu Sendiri. Karena kini Engkau telah menganugerahi daku kehormatan yang sedemikian besarnya, maka janganlah menjauhkan dariku hal-hal yang Engkau tetapkan bagi orang-orang pilihan-Mu.

Ya Tuhanku, aku hanyalah sebutir biji kecil yang telah Engkau taburkan di atas tanah kasih-Mu, dan yang telah tumbuh berkat tangan kedermawanan-Mu. Oleh karena itu biji ini dalam wujud hakikinya, merindukan air rahmat-Mu dan sumber hidup kurnia-Mu. Turunkanlah padanya dari langit belas kasih-Mu, sesuatu yang akan memungkinkan dia berkembang subur di bawah naungan-Mu dan di dalam lingkungan istana-Mu. Engkau adalah Dia yang menyirami kalbu- kalbu mereka yang telah mengenal Dikau dari sungai- Mu yang berlimpah-limpah dan sumber air hidup-Mu. Segala pujian bagi Tuhan, Raja sekalian alam.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH09404 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified art Thou, O Lord of the entire creation, the One unto Whom all things must turn.  With my inner and outer tongues I bear witness that thou hast manifested and revealed Thyself, sent down Thy signs, and proclaimed Thy testimonies.  I testify to Thy self-sufficiency from aught else except Thee, and Thy sanctity above all earthly things.  I entreat Thee by the transcendent glory of Thy Cause and the supreme potency of Thy Word to grant confirmation unto him who desireth to offer what Thou hast prescribed unto him in Thy Book and to observe that which will shed forth the fragrance of Thine acceptance.  Verily Thou art the All-Mighty, the All-Gracious, the All-Forgiving, the All-Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[460] Prayer UUID: 1693a0f34550

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH05543 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I give Thee thanks inasmuch as Thou hast called me into being in Thy days, and infused into me Thy love and Thy knowledge.  I beseech Thee, by Thy name whereby the goodly pearls of Thy wisdom and Thine utterance were brought forth out of the treasuries of the hearts of such of Thy servants as are nigh unto Thee, and through which the Daystar of Thy name, the Compassionate, hath shed its radiance upon all that are in Thy heaven and on Thy earth, to supply me, by Thy grace and bounty, with Thy wondrous and hidden bounties.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[463] Prayer UUID: 1b72b40d-3afd-4333-884f-3eec3dc4dc14

FULL TEXT (id):
O ao Anij im ao Master! Na ij dri jelkam im nejin dri jelkam. Emoj ao ruj tok jen ion kinio ilo jimarokin rainin einwot an Iju Ran in juon wot eo Am moj an romak tok jen jorantak in konan eo Am, im emoj an romak ion aolepen lal, ekkar nan ta eo emoj je im kakien kake ilo Buk ko Am.

Nebar Yuk, O ao Iroij, einwot am rujtok iumin meram in jelalokjen eo Am. Jilikinlaltak iom, bareinwot, O ao Anij, ta eo enaj kemaron kim bwe kemin ellok jen jabrewot ak Kwe wot, im jolok jabrewot men otmejij ijelokin wot Kwe. Kallikar nan io, bareinwot, im nan ro otemjij im rebake io, im ro nuku, man im kora jimor, kin men ko remmon ilo mour in im ilo mour eo tokelik. Kejbarok kim, bareinwot, kin kejbarok eo Am ejamin likjab, O Kwe eo Jitenburu an men in komanman otemjij im Konan eo an lan im lal, jen ro im Kwar kalikar ir bwe rej Dri Jerawiwi, im rej kabo armij otemjij. Kwokajur nan kommane ta eo Kwokonan. Emol, Kwe Dri Maron, Dri Jiban ilo ien uota, Eo Ej Bed kin E make.

Kejramon, O Iroij ao Anij, Eo im Kwar likit Ion aolepen Title ko Am remon tata, im ilo E Kwar kejbel emmon jen nana, im jiban kim bwe kemin kommane ta eo Kwokonan. Kejramon, bareinwot, O ao Anij, Ro im rej Naan im Leta ko Am, im ro im emoj air oktak im rewaj nan Yuk, im ronjake kir eo Am.

Emol, Kwoj Iroij im King an armij otemjij, im maron ion aolep men otemjij.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [2] BH02848 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God and my Master!  I am Thy servant and the son of Thy servant. I have risen from my couch at this dawntide when the Daystar of Thy oneness hath shone forth from the Dayspring of Thy will, and hath shed its radiance upon the whole world, according to what had been ordained in the Books of Thy Decree.
      Last:  Thou art, truly, the Lord and King of all men, and art potent over all things.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[464] Prayer UUID: 1c28ddbc-d4cb-4539-9ca7-cc54ae03fad8

FULL TEXT (id):
Terpujilah Engkau, ya Rabi Tuhanku! Beri makanlah bayi ini dari susu kurnia dan kasih sayang- Mu yang mesra dan berilah kekuatan dari buah-buah pohon-pohon-Mu yang surgawi. Janganlah membiarkan dia diasuh oleh siapa pun kecuali Engkau, karena Engkau Sendirilah yang menciptakan dan memberi wujud kepadanya, melalui kekuatan kehendak-Mu dan kekuasaan-Mu yang berdaulat. Tiada Tuhan kecuali Engkau, Yang Maha Kuasa, Yang Maha Tahu.

Diluhurkanlah Engkau, ya Kekasihku Yang Tercinta, tiupkanlah kepadanya kesedapan manis rahmat-Mu yang luhur dan keharuman pemberian- pemberian-Mu yang suci. Maka, mungkinkanlah dia mencari perlindungan di bawah naungan Nama-Mu yang maha luhur, ya Engkau yang memegang kerajaan nama-nama dan sifat-sifat di dalam genggaman-Nya. Sesungguhnya Engkaulah berkuasa untuk berbuat apa yang Engkau kehendaki, dan Engkau sesungguhnya Yang Maha Kuat, Yang Maha Luhur, Yang Maha Pengampun, Yang Penyayang, Yang Dermawan, Yang Maha Pengasih.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[466] Prayer UUID: 1d29cef1-50ee-4c47-a9e9-ccb59a78e4ca

FULL TEXT (id):
Naalagaq-aa! Ataasiussutsivit guuterpaluttup Orpia sukkasuumik ineriartorsinnaaqqujuk, taamaammat imerteruk Nuannaarnerpit ernganik puilasunik, Uppernarsaqqiinerpit guuterpaluttup saqqummernerisa saavanni inerititaqarlertillugu Illit nersorneqarnissannut qujamasuffigineqarnissannullu, Aterpit naalannartinneqarnissaanut Piviussutsivillu ilorliup ataasiussusiata unnersiutigineqarnissaanut Ilinnullu qinnuiginninnermik pilersitsinermik Kissaatigisaqarnerit malillugu, tassami tamakku tamarmik Pissaanerniimmata allamiunngitsorlu. 

Angivoq taamaammat pilluaqqussut taakkununnga aavat toqqarsimasannut Uppernarsaqqiinerpit Orpianik imerterutissatut, tamannalu aqqutigalugu Oqaatsit allanngortussaanngitsoq illernartorlu akitsisitaatillugu.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00147GRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[468] Prayer UUID: 1ffb23f2-62c5-4493-9277-a5e8f74dc607

FULL TEXT (id):
*"Penyebar-penyebar keharuman Tuhan sebaiknya membaca doa ini setiap pagi."

Ya Tuhanku! Ya Tuhanku! Engkau melihat orang lemah ini memohon kekuatan rohani-Mu, Engkau melihat orang miskin ini menghasratkan kekayaan surgawi-Mu, orang haus ini merindukan mata air hidup abadi-Mu, dan penderita ini menginginkan kesembuhan yang dijanjikan oleh-Mu melalui rahmat-Mu yang tak terbatas, yang telah Engkau takdirkan bagi hamba-hamba pilihan-Mu di kerajaan-Mu yang tinggi.
Ya Tuhan! Tiada yang membantu hamba melainkan Engkau, tiada yang melindungi hamba kecuali Engkau, dan tiada yang menolong hamba selain daripada Engkau. Tolonglah hamba dengan malaikat- malaikat-Mu supaya dapat menyebarkan keharuman kesucian-Mu dan menyiarkan ajaran-ajaran-Mu di antara hamba-hamba-Mu yang baik.

Ya Tuhanku! Jadikanlah hamba seorang yang terlepas dari segala sesuatu kecuali Engkau dan berpegang teguh pada jubah rahmat-Mu, dan seorang yang ikhlas dalam Agama-Mu, serta seorang yang tetap teguh pada cinta-Mu dan jadikanlah hamba seorang yang menjalankan apa yang telah Engkau perintahkan dalam Kitab-Mu. Sesungguhnya, Engkau Tuhan Yang Maha Kuasa, Yang Maha Kuat dan Yang Maha Mulia.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00553 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Fill up for me the cup of detachment from all things, and in the assembly of Thy splendors and bestowals, rejoice me with the wine of loving Thee.  Free me from the assaults of passion and desire, break off from me the shackles of this nether world, draw me with rapture unto Thy supernal realm, and refresh me amongst the handmaids with the breathing of Thy holiness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Powerful, the Ever-Giving, the Able, the Omnipotent.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[470] Prayer UUID: 2238ca20780d

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH0634 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[471] Prayer UUID: 2336aed0-c1c4-45fa-ac24-6b331cbeedd2

FULL TEXT (id):
О люблячий Боже! Я юне дитя, благаюче, підневільне. Будь моїм притулком, моєю підтримкою, моєю обороною. Я бідую – дай мені засобів стати безжурним. Я в нужді – обдаруй мене скарбами Царства. Я неживе – наділи мене Духом Життя. Я слабке – підтримай мене силою та міццю, аби стало я служити Порогу Твоєму, з довершеною чистотою й святістю, принесло себе в жертву заради Тебе, забуло про себе й прагнуло Тебе, ступало стезею Твоєї ласки, розказувало про таїнства Твої та в усьому, що бачу, засвідчувало знамення Твоєї Єдності. О Боже! Зроби мене палким, мов полум’я Твоєї любові, і визволи від прихильності до сього смертного світу, аби знайшло я душевний спокій та умиротворення.

Ти Сильний, Могутній! Ти Той, хто чує і бачить!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH07155WOM (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[475] Prayer UUID: 26bcc35d5840

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[476] Prayer UUID: 26dfd1c5-bc25-4882-8d55-242b6f884f0d

FULL TEXT (id):
*[Doa ini dapat dibaca pada penutup Pertemuan]

Ya Tuhan! Ya Tuhan! Dari kerajaan keesaan-Mu yang gaib, lihatlah kami berkumpul dalam pertemuan kerohanian ini, dengan percaya kepada-Mu, yakin akan tanda-tanda-Mu, teguh dalam Perjanjian dan Wasiat- Mu, tertarik pada-Mu, bernyala dengan api cinta dan ikhlas dalam Agama-Mu. Kami ini hamba-hamba dalam kebun anggur-Mu, penyebar-penyebar Agama-Mu, penyembah-penyembah wajah-Mu, rendah hati terhadap kekasih-kekasih-Mu, tunduk dihadapan pintu-Mu dan memohon kepada-Mu agar menguatkan kami untuk mengabdi kepada orang-orang pilihan-Mu. Bantulah kami dengan laskar-laskar-Mu yang gaib, kuatkanlah pinggang kami dalam mengabdi pada-Mu dan jadikanlah kami hamba-hamba yang taat dan penuh cinta kasih sewaktu berhubungan dengan-Mu.
Ya Tuhan kami! Kami ini lemah dan Engkaulah Maha Kuasa, Maha Kuat! Kami ini mati dan Engkaulah Roh pemberi hidup yang maha agung! Kami ini miskin tetapi Engkaulah Penolong, Yang Maha Kuasa!
Ya Tuhan kami! Hadapkanlah wajah kami pada wajah kasih sayang-Mu; beri makanlah kami dari meja surgawi-Mu dengan rahmat-Mu yang berlimpah-limpah, bantulah kami dengan bala tentara malaikat-Mu yang luhur, dan kuatkanlah kami melalui orang-orang suci di Kerajaan Abhá.
Sesungguhnya, Engkaulah Maha Dermawan, Maha Pemurah! Engkaulah Pemilik anugerah besar, dan sesungguhnya, Engkaulah Maha Pengasih dan Maha Penyayang.

*"Musyawarahlah satu sama lain dalam segala urusan, karena musyawarah adalah lampu petunjuk yang menunjukkan jalan dan memberi pengertian". - Bahá’u’lláh

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00004REN (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[477] Prayer UUID: 2772b4a6bb4f

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[481] Prayer UUID: 2ba9db24aa3e

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB04980HOP (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Thou art my Hope and my Beloved, my highest Aim and Desire!  With great humbleness and entire devotion I pray to Thee to make me a minaret of Thy love in Thy land, a lamp of Thy knowledge among Thy creatures, and a banner of divine bounty in Thy dominion.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the All-Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[482] Prayer UUID: 2bd3afdb55dc

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00018ANG (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  There is no one but Thee to allay the anguish of my soul, and Thou art my highest aspiration, O my God.  My heart is wedded to none save Thee and such as Thou dost love.  I solemnly declare that my life and death are both for Thee.  Verily Thou art incomparable and hast no partner.
      Last:  O my God!  I beseech Thee by the evidences of Thy favor, to let me draw nigh to the sublime heights of Thy holy presence, and protect me from inclining myself toward the subtle allusions of aught else but Thee.  Guide my steps, O my God, unto that which is acceptable and pleasing to Thee.  Shield me, through Thy might, from the fury of Thy wrath and chastisement, and hold me back from entering habitations not desired by Thee.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[484] Prayer UUID: 2cbb4915-ba12-45d6-8e1f-a4a0cfd441af

FULL TEXT (id):
Ya Tuhan! Jadikanlah pemuda ini cemerlang dan kurniakanlah rahmat-Mu pada insan miskin ini. Anugerahilah ilmu padanya, tambahlah kekuatan padanya setiap fajar dan jagalah ia di bawah naungan perlindungan-Mu agar ia dapat dibebaskan dari kesalahan-kesalahan, dapat mengabdikan diri untuk berbakti kepada Agama-Mu, dapat membimbing orang- orang yang membangkang, memberi petunjuk kepada mereka yang malang, serta membebaskan yang tertawan dan membangunkan orang-orang yang lalai agar semuanya dapat diberkati dengan mengingat dan memuji Engkau. Engkaulah Yang Maha Kuasa dan Maha Kuat.


* "Diberkatilah dia yang pada puncak masa mudanya dan pada masa kejayaan kehidupannya, akan bangkit untuk mengabdi kepada Agama Tuhan, Raja yang awal dan yang akhir, dan menghiasi kalbunya dengan cinta-Nya. Penjelmaan rahmat se-demikian, lebih besar dari penciptaan langit dan bumi. Diberkati-lah mereka yang teguh dan beruntunglah bagi mereka yang kukuh". - Bahá’u’lláh

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [2] AB00963IMP (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart and streaming tears to aid whosoever expendeth his energy for the erection of this House, and the construction of this Building wherein Thy name is mentioned every morn and every eve.
      Last:  O God!  Send down Thy divine increase on whosoever endeavoreth to serve this edifice and exerteth himself to raise it amongst the kindreds and religions of the world.  Confirm him in every good deed in promoting the welfare of mankind.  Open Thou the doors of wealth and abundance unto him and make him an heir to the treasures of the Kingdom, which perish not.  Make him a sign of Thy bestowals among the peoples and reinforce him by the sea of Thy generosity and bounty, surging with waves of Thy grace and favor.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful and the Bountiful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[490] Prayer UUID: 3cf64491-99bb-422c-a680-72ab101ce222

FULL TEXT (id):
## BAMLE 
*(FAMILY)

Ij oware jolok bwid eo Am, O ao Anij, im kajitok kin jolok bwid ilo wewen eo Kwoknan bwe dri jerbal ro Am ren jede Ibbam kake. Ij oware Yuk bwe Kwon jeerlok jerawiwi ko am ekkar nan Am Iroij, im jolok ao bwid, an jino im jema, im ro ilo lomnak eo Am bwe emoj air drelone waj imon yokwe eo Am ilo wewen eo ejejet im ekkar nan Kajur potata eo Am ellalok jen men otemjij im ejjejet nan aibuijuij in Kajur eo Am ilan.

O ao Anij! Emoj Am kakajur jitob eo ao bwe en kajitok jiban jen Yuk, ejelok bar juon inaj kir nane ijelokin wot Kwe. Kwo utiej im aibuijuij; ij nebar Yuk toon wot Am kallikar Yuk nan io, im oware Yuk bwe Kwon jolok ao bwid, einwot ke iar likjab jen ao jela kin Yuk, im jab etetal ilo ial in yokwe eo Am.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[492] Prayer UUID: 3fe32884c201

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[494] Prayer UUID: 4087c076-9a2a-40a0-b7ed-1f844db0657e

FULL TEXT (id):
Dýrð sé þér, ó Drottinn, sem kallað hefur til verundar allt, sem skapað er, í krafti skipunar þinnar.
Ó Drottinn! Aðstoða þá, sem hafnað hafa öllu nema þér og fær þeim frækilegan sigur. Send niður yfir þá, ó Drottinn, herskara englanna á himni og jörðu og alls, sem þar er á milli, til þess að leggja lið þjónum þínum, styðja þá og styrkja, gera þeim kleift að uppskera árangur, viðhalda þeim, miðla þeim dýrð, sæma þá heiðri og upphafningu, auðga þá og gera þá sigursæla með undursamlegu sigurhrósi.
Þú ert Drottinn þeirra, Drottinn himnanna og jarðarinnar, Drottinn allra veraldanna. Efl þessa trú, ó Drottinn, með afli þessara þjóna og lát þá vinna sigur yfir öllum þjóðum heims; því að þeir eru í sannleika þjónar þínar, sem skilið hafa að baki allt nema þig, og þú ert vissulega verndari þeirra, sem trúa í sannleika.
Gef, ó Drottinn, að sakir hollustunnar við þessa ólýtanlegu trú þína megi hjörtu þeirra verða sterkari en allt annað á himni og jörðu og allt, sem þar er á milli; og styrk, ó Drottinn, hendur þeirra með táknum þíns undursamlega valds, svo að þeir megi birta vald þitt í augsýn alls mannkyns.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [2] AB00004REN (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

  [3] BH08824 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified, O Lord my God, be Thy Name, whereby the trees of the garden of Thy Revelation have been clad with verdure, and been made to yield the fruits of holiness during this Springtime when the sweet savors of Thy favors and blessings have been wafted over all things, and caused them to bring forth whatsoever had been preordained for them in the Kingdom of Thine irrevocable decree and the Heaven of Thine immutable purpose. I beseech Thee by this very Name not to suffer me to be far from the court of Thy holiness, nor debarred from the exalted sanctuary of Thy unity and oneness.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XCVI

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[497] Prayer UUID: 49ee7475110d

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[498] Prayer UUID: 4a5d468a-dec8-430c-8008-d05587f864ba

FULL TEXT (id):
## Loh Ridwan 

Musim semi Ilahi telah datang, wahai Pena Yang Maha Luhur, karena Perayaan Yang Maha Pengasih
mendekat dengan cepat. Gerakkanlah dirimu dan muliakanlah nama Tuhan dihadapan seluruh ciptaan, dan rayakanlah pujian-Nya, sedemikian rupa sehingga segala sesuatu yang diciptakan dapat dihidupkan kembali dan diperbarui. Ber-bicaralah, dan janganlah diam saja. Surya kebahagiaan bersinar di atas ufuk nama Kami, Sang Bahagia, karena kerajaan nama Tuhan telah dihiasi dengan perhiasan nama Tuhanmu, Pencipta semua langit. Bangkitlah dihadapan bangsa- bangsa di dunia ini dan persenjatailah dirimu dengan kekuasaan Nama Yang Terbesar ini, dan janganlah termasuk bilangan mereka yang ragu-ragu.
Kulihat bahwa engkau telah berhenti dan tak bergerak pada Loh-Ku. Apakah kecemerlangan Wajah Ilahi telah membingungkan engkau, ataukah omong kosong dari orang-orang yang keras kepala memenuhi engkau dengan kesedihan dan melumpuhkan gerakanmu? Berhati-hatilah, jangan sampai apa pun menghalangi engkau dari menjunjung tinggi kebesaran Hari ini, yaitu Hari di mana Jari kebesaran dan kekuasaan telah membuka segel Anggur Perjumpaan Kembali, dan memanggil semua yang ada di langit dan di bumi. Apakah engkau lebih suka menunggu-nunggu bila angin yang mengumumkan Hari Tuhan telah menghembus kepada-mu, ataukah engkau termasuk bilangan mereka yang seakan-akan terselubung oleh suatu tabir daripada-Nya?
Ya Tuhan segala nama dan Pencipta langit, tak ada tabir apa pun yang telah Aku izinkan untuk menutupi daku dari pengenalan kemuliaan Hari-Mu, yaitu Hari yang bagaikan lampu bimbingan bagi seluruh dunia, dan tanda Kepurbaan Hari-hari bagi semua yang tinggal di dalamnya. Aku terdiam karena tabir-tabir yang telah membutakan mata makhluk-makhluk-Mu terhadap-Mu, dan kebisuanku disebabkan oleh rintangan-rintangan yang telah menghalangi umat-Mu dari mengenali kebenaran-Mu. Engkau mengetahui apa yang ada padaku, namun aku tak tahu apa yang ada pada-Mu. Engkau adalah Yang Maha Tahu, Yang Maha Mengetahui. Demi nama-Mu yang melebihi semua nama! Jika perintah-Mu yang menentukan dan serba memaksa mencapai daku, ia akan menguasakan daku untuk menghidupkan kembali jiwa-jiwa semua orang melalui Firman-Mu yang maha luhur, yang telah kudengar diucapkan oleh Lidah kekuasaan-Mu dalam Kerajaan kemuliaan-Mu. Ia akan memberi kesanggupan kepadaku untuk mengumumkan penjelmaan wajah-Mu yang gemilang, yang karenanya, apa yang tersembunyi dari mata manusia telah dinyatakan dalam nama-Mu, Yang Nyata, Pelindung Yang Berkuasa, Yang Berdiri Sendiri.
Wahai Pena, dapatkah engkau menemukan se- seorang selain Daku pada Hari ini? Bagaimanakah tentang nama-nama dan kerajaan mereka? Kemanakah perginya segala sesuatu yang diciptakan, baik yang terlihat maupun yang gaib? Bagaimanakah tentang rahasia-rahasia yang tersembunyi dari alam semesta dan penjelmaan penjelmaannya? Lihatlah, seluruh ciptaan telah lenyap! Tak ada yang ketinggalan kecuali Wajah-Ku, Yang Maha Abadi, Yang Maha Gemilang, Yang Maha Mulia.
Inilah Hari di mana tak ada sesuatu pun yang dapat dilihat kecuali kegemilangan Cahaya yang bersinar dari wajah Tuhan-Mu, Yang Maha Pengasih, Yang Maha Dermawan. Sesungguhnya, Kami telah menyebabkan setiap jiwa mati karena kekuatan kekuasaan Kami yang tak dapat ditahan dan yang serba menaklukkan. Kemudian, Kami telah mewujudkan suatu ciptaan baru, sebagai tanda rahmat Kami kepada manusia. Sesungguhnya, Akulah Yang Maha Dermawan, Kepurbaan Hari-hari.
Inilah Hari di mana dunia gaib berteriak: "Besarlah rahmat-Mu, wahai bumi karena engkau telah dijadikan injakan kaki Tuhanmu, dan telah dipilih sebagai singgasana-Nya yang maha besar". Alam kemuliaan menyatakan: "Semoga hidupku dapat dijadikan korban bagimu, karena Ia, Kekasih Yang Maha Pengasih telah mendirikan kedaulatan-Nya di atasmu, melalui kekuasaan Nama-Nya yang telah dijanjikan kepada segala sesuatu, baik pada waktu lampau maupun yang akan datang". Inilah Hari di mana setiap benda yang wangi telah memperoleh anginnya dari bau jubah-Ku yang telah mencurahkan wanginya pada seluruh ciptaan. Inilah Hari di mana air kehidupan kekal telah mengalir dengan deras dari Kemauan Yang Maha Pengasih. Bersegeralah engkau sekalian dengan hati dan jiwa-Mu, dan teguklah sepuas-puasnya olehmu, wahai Penghuni alam-alam nan tinggi!
Katakanlah: Ialah yang menjadi Perwujudan Dia Yang Tak Dapat Diketahui, Yang Gaib dari Semua Yang Gaib, jika engkau sudi memahaminya. Dialah yang telah membuka di depan-Mu Permata yang tersembunyi dan berharga, jika engkau berusaha mencarinya. Dialah yang menjadi Kekasih segala sesuatu, baik di masa lampau maupun di masa yang akan datang. Semoga engkau memusatkan hati dan harapan-harapanmu kepada Dia!
Kami telah mendengar suara permohonanmu, wahai Pena, dan memaafkan kediamanmu. Apakah gerangan yang sangat membingungkan engkau?
Kemabukan kehadiran-Mu, ya Sang Kekasih seluruh dunia, telah menguasai dan memiliki daku.
Bangkitlah dan umumkanlah kepada seluruh ciptaan kabar gembira bahwa Ia Yang Maha Pengasih telah mengarahkanlangkah-langkah-Nyamenujuke Ridwan dan memasukinya. Maka bimbinglah orang-orang ke taman kenikmatan yang telah Tuhan jadikan takhta Firdaus-Nya. Kami telah memilih engkau menjadi Terompet yang maha kuasa yang tiupannya akan menandakan kebangkitan seluruh umat manusia.
Katakanlah: Inilah Firdaus, yang di atas daun-daunnya telah dicap kesaksian oleh anggur ucapan: "Ia yang tersembunyi dari mata manusia telah dinyatakan, dengan kekuasaan dan kekuatan!" Inilah Firdaus, di mana gemersiknya daun-daun mengumumkan: "Wahai engkau sekalian yang menghuni langit dan bumi! Telah muncullah apa yang sebelumnya tak pernah muncul. Ia yang sejak semula telah menyembunyikan Wajah-Nya dari pandangan alam ciptaan, kini telah datang". Dari bisikan angin sepoi yang meniup di tengah-tengah cabang-cabangnya, datanglah seruan: "Ia, Raja yang berkuasa atas semua, telah dijelmakan; Kerajaan adalah kepunyaan Tuhan". Sedangkan dari airnya yang mengalir dapat terdengar bisikan: "Semua mata digembirakan karena Ia yang tak seorang pun melihat, yang rahasia-Nya tak seorangpun menemukan, telah mengangkat tabir kemuliaan, dan membuka wajah Keindahan".
Di dalam Firdaus ini, dan dari ketinggian-ketinggian bilik-biliknya yang luhur, Bidadari-bidadari Surgawi telah berteriak dan berseru: "Bersukacitalah engkau para penghuni alam-alam yang tinggi, karena atas nama Yang Maha Mulia, jari-jari Dia yakni Kepurbaan Hari- hari sedang menderingkan Lonceng Yang Maha Besar di tengah-tengah inti langit. Tangan-tangan rahmat telah menghidangkan cawan kehidupan abadi. Dekatilah, dan teguklah olehmu sepuas-puasnya. Minumlah dengan perasa-an sehat, wahai engkau, penjelmaan-penjelmaan kerinduan, engkau sumber- sumber keinginan yang mesra!"
Inilah Hari di mana Ia Pewahyu nama-nama Tuhan  telah melangkah keluar dari Kemah kemuliaan, dan mengumumkan kepada semua yang ada di langit dan semua yang ada di bumi: "Singkirkanlah cawan-cawan Surga dan semua air pemberi hidup yang ada di dalamnya, karena lihatlah umat Bahá telah memasuki tempat tinggal Kehadiran Ilahi yang penuh kebahagiaan dan meminum anggur perpaduan, dari mangkuk keindahan Tuhan mereka, Yang Maha Memiliki, Yang Maha Tinggi".
Lupakanlah alam ciptaan, wahai Pena, dan menghadaplah kepada wajah Tuhanmu, Tuhan segala nama. Kemudian hiasilah dunia ini dengan perhiasan- perhiasan anugerah-anugerah Tuhanmu, Raja hari-hari yang kekal. Karena Kami melihat keharuman Hari ini, di mana Ia yang menjadi Hasrat semua bangsa telah mencurahkan kegemilangan cahaya nama-nama-Nya yang maha luhur pada kerajaan-kerajaan yang gaib dan yang nyata dan meliputi mereka dengan kecemerlangan dari surya-surya anugerah-anugerah-Nya yang maha kasih, yaitu anugerah-anugerah yang tak seorang pun dapat menghitung kecuali Dia, Pelindung Yang Maha Kuasa dari seluruh ciptaan.
Janganlah memandang pada makhluk-makhluk Tuhan kecuali dengan mata kasih sayang dan rahmat, karena kekuasaan Kami yang kasih telah menembus semua yang diciptakan, dan rahmat Kami meliputi bumi dan langit. Inilah Hari di mana hamba-hamba Tuhan yang sejati mengambil bagian air perpaduan pemberi hidup, Hari di mana mereka yang dekat pada-Nya dapat minum dari sungai kekekalan yang mengalir perlahan-lahan dan mereka yang percaya pada keesaan-Nya dapat minum anggur Kehadiran-Nya, melalui pengakuan pada Dia yang menjadi Tujuan Tertinggi dan Terakhir dari segala sesuatu, yang dari dalam Diri-Nya Lidah Kebesaran dan Kemuliaan menyerukan: "Kerajaan adalah kepunyaan-Ku, Aku Sendirilah yang menjadi Penguasanya atas kehendak-Ku Sendiri".
Tariklah kalbu-kalbu manusia dengan panggilan Dia, Kekasih satu-satunya. Katakanlah: Inilah Suara Tuhan, jika engkau mau mendengarkan. Inilah Fajar Wahyu Tuhan, jika engkau mengetahuinya. Inilah Tempat Terbit Firman Tuhan, jika engkau mengenalnya. Inilah Sumber perintah Tuhan, jika engkau menimbangnya dengan adil. Inilah Rahasia yang nyata dan tersembunyi; jika engkau melihatnya. Wahai orang-orang di dunia! Singkirkanlah atas nama-Ku yang melebihi semua nama-nama, segala sesuatu yang engkau miliki dan selamkanlah dirimu dalam Samudera ini yang di dalamnya ter-sembunyi mutiara-mutiara ilmu dan ucapan, suatu samudera yang bergelombang atas nama-Ku, Yang Maha Pengasih. Demikianlah Perintah Dia Yang Memiliki Kitab Induk.
Sang Kekasih telah datang. Pada tangan kanan-Nya terletak Anggur nama-Nya yang tersegel. Berbahagialah bagi orang yang menghadap kepada-Nya dan meminum sepuas-puasnya dan berseru: "Pujian bagi-Mu, ya Pewahyu tanda-tanda Tuhan!" Demi keadilan Yang Maha Kuasa! Setiap sesuatu yang tersembunyi telah dinyatakan melalui kekuasaan kebenaran. Semua anugerah Tuhan telah diturunkan sebagai tanda rahmat-Nya. Air kehidupan kekal telah sepenuhnya dipersembahkan kepada manusia. Setiap cawan telah ditawarkan oleh Tangan Sang Kekasih. Mendekatlah dan janganlah menunggu-nunggu, meskipun untuk sesaat.
Diberkatilah mereka yang telah membubung dengan sayap keterlepasan dan mencapai ke-dudukan yang meliputi seluruh ciptaan, sebagaimana telah ditetapkan Tuhan, dan yang tidak dapat disesatkan dari Ajaran-Nya oleh khayalan sia-sia dari orang-orang pandai maupun bala tentara dunia. Siapakah di antaramu, wahai orang- orang, yang akan melepaskan dunia, dan mendekati Tuhan, Raja segala nama? Di manakah dapat ditemukannya, dia yang dengan kekuatan nama-Ku yang melebihi segala sesuatu yang diciptakan, akan
melemparkan apa-apa yang manusia miliki, dan dengan semua kekuasaannya, berpegang pada segala yang telah diperintahkan Tuhan, Yang Mengetahui, Yang Gaib dan Yang Nyata? Demikian-lah rahmat-Nya telah diturunkan kepada manusia, kesaksian-Nya telah dipenuhi, dan bukti-Nya telah bersinar di atas Cakrawala rahmat. Besarlah hadiahnya yang akan dimenangkan oleh dia yang telah beriman dan berseru: "Diluhurkanlah Engkau, ya Kekasih segala alam! Diperbesarlah nama-Mu, ya Engkau Hasrat setiap hati yang mengerti!"
Bergembiralah dengan kebahagiaan yang besar wahai umat Bahá, jika engkau mengingat Hari Raya yang maha Bahagia, Hari di mana Lidah Kepurbaan Hari-hari telah berbicara, ketika Ia keluar dari Rumah-Nya, menuju ke Tempat dari mana Ia men-curahkan kegemilangan-kegemilangan nama-Nya, Yang Maha Pengasih kepada seluruh ciptaan. Tuhan adalah saksi Kami. Jika Kami membuka rahasia-rahasia tersembunyi dari Hari itu, mereka semua yang tinggal di bumi dan di langit akan pingsan dan mati, kecuali mereka yang akan dipelihara oleh Tuhan, Yang Maha Kuasa, Yang Maha Tahu, Yang Maha Arif.
Demikianlah pengaruh mabuk dari firman-firman Tuhan terhadap Dia, Pewahyu bukti-bukti-Nya yang tak dapat diragukan, sehingga Pena-Nya tak dapat begerak lagi. Dengan firman-firman ini, Ia menutup Loh-Nya: "Tak ada Tuhan kecuali Aku, Yang Maha Tinggi, Yang Maha Kuat, Yang Maha Luhur, Yang Maha Tahu".

*"Sesungguhnya segala yang diciptakan telah ditenggelamkan dalam lautan kemurnian pada hari pertama Ridwan, ketika Kami memancarkan ke seluruh ciptaan kegemilangan Nama-nama Kami yang terbaik dan sifat-sifat Kami yang terluhur. Sesungguhnya ini adalah tanda kasih-sayang-Ku, yang telah meliputi seluruh alam-alam. Maka bergaullah engkau dengan para pengikut semua agama, dan umumkanlah olehmu Agama Rabimu, Yang Maha Pengasih; inilah mahkota sesungguhnya dari segala perbuatan, seandainya engkau termasuk di antara mereka yang arif".
*"Katakanlah: Hari Raya Terbesar, sesungguhnya adalah Raja semua Hari Raya. Ingatlah olehmu, wahai orang-orang, rahmat yang telah Allah berikan kepadamu. Engkau telah tenggelam dalam tidur, dan Ia membangunkan engkau dengan hembusan Wahyunya yang menghidupkan, serta menunjukkan kepadamu Jalan-Nya yang nyata dan lurus"
*"Semua Perayaan telah mencapai kesempurnaannya dalam dua Hari Raya Terbesar* dan dalam dua Hari Raya lainnya yang jatuh pada hari kembar.** Hari Raya Terbesar yang pertama adalah hari-hari di mana Yang Maha Pengasih telah mencurahkan di atas seluruh ciptaan, kemuliaan yang cemerlang dari Nama-nama-Nya yang terbaik, dan sifat-sifat- Nya yang terluhur...

*[Hari Raya Ridwan dan Pengumuman Hazrat Báb] 
*[Hari Lahir Hazrat Bahá’u’lláh dan Hari Lahir Hazrat Báb].

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [2] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [3] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[503] Prayer UUID: 55080c47175a

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00949WIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  Graciously bestow a pair of heavenly wings unto each of these fledglings, and give them spiritual power that they may wing their flight through this limitless space and may soar to the heights of the Abhá Kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful; Thou art the Bestower and the All-Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[508] Prayer UUID: 60994a3f-f70d-45ca-ae47-280786dffb22

FULL TEXT (id):
Ataqqinartitaagit Illit, Naalagaq Guutiga-aa! Makku tassaapput ullut Illit inunnut tamanut iisinnginniarfissatut peqqusatit, taamaaliornermikkut tarnitik eqqiarniassammatigik, atassuteqarnernullu sunulluunniit Illiunngitsunut qilerussaarniassammata, aammalu taakkua uummataannit pilerniassammat Illit ataqqinassutsivit inaanm naleqquttoq aammalu Illit saqqummernerpit ataasiussusiata issiavianut iluarinartoq. Tunniuguk, Naalagara-aa iisinnginniarnerup matuma imermik inuunartumik kuulluarnissaa, aammalu ileqqorissaarutit Illit taassuminnga pisuunngortitsinensavit saqqummersinnissaat.Taassuma ikiuutissaatigut eqqiakkit Illit kiffavit uummataat, taakku silarsuarmi ajortunit Illit Aterpit, tamanit illernarnerpaasup, alarnissaanut akornusigaanngitsoorsimasut, aammalu Illit nalunaaqqutinnik ajasoornarnerpaanik, Illit saqqummernerpit takkunneranik malittaasunik Illit Naalagaffmnik, Pissaaninnik, Ataqqinassutsinnik Illernassutsinnillu peqatiginnilersissimasannik, uppensaqanngitsut nipiliornersuinit eqqissiviinnerinillu sunnigaanngitsoorsimasut. Makku tassa kiffatit, Illit qaaqqusinerit tusarniariarlugu Illit nallittuissutsinnut tuaviinnaq aggersut aammalu silarsuup matuma allanngornerinik nalaatsornerinillu imaluunniit inuit killilersuutigisaannit unitsitaasimanngitsut.

Uanga tassaavunga, Guutiga-aa, Illit ataasiussutsinnik uppernarsaasoq, Illit pilimaniannginninnik akuersaartoq, Illit ataqqinassutsivit saqqummernerinut nikanartilluni sikiffiginnittoq, aammalu niaqqi sikisimasoq qaamanerup akisugunneranik, Illit illernassutsinnit nunamiorpalunngitsumit pisumik, ilisarsisoq. Illit upperaakkit, Naalagaaffippit Pissaanerpillu kimittussusiagut inuit isaannut saqqummersitat, uannut ilisaritikkakkuli. Tassunga saassimavunga, sunit tamanit, Illit tunissutivit ajunngisaarutivillu allunaasaanut aalajaallunga tigumminnitsillunga, kaanngarluinnarsimavunga. Tassuma sallusuiissutaa tigusimavara, sallusuissut inatsisini maleruaqqusanilu tupinnarmni tamani Tassunga nassiunneqarsimasoq. Ilinnut asanninnikkut iisinnginniarpunga IIlit peqqusat eqqortillugu, iisinnginniarnerali kipisarlugu Illit nersornaatissat siggunni ikkaangat aammalu Illit iluarisat naapertorlugu. Naatsorsuutaalerseqinanga, Naalagara-aa, ulluunerani iisinnginniarsimasutut, unnunneranili Illit kiinnavit saanut sukataarnialersutut Illillu sallusuissutsinnik tunussisutut, Nalunaaqqutinnik qulalersutut, Uppernarsaatinnik akerliuniartutut 0qaatsinnillu equtitsisutut.

Isikka uisikkit, Naalagara-aa, Ilinnillu ujarlersut isaat, Illit nammineq isinnik ilisariniassagatsigit. Tamanna tassaavoq Illit peqqussutit Atuakkami Ilinnit Tassunga nassiussami uatsinnut tunniussaq, taanna Illit peqqusakkut toqqagaasoq, taanna pinngortitanut tamanut Illit iluarisannut toqqorsimasat, taanna Illit iluarisannik Illit naalagaaffmnik pisatsersorsimagit, aammalu taanna Illit imikkut salliutippat Illillu innuttannut Nalunaarutinnik oqariartortitat. Taamaattumik unnersiutigisaagit Illit, Guutiga-aa, tassa Illit saamaannikkut Taassuminnga uatsinnik miserratiginnikkunaarsikkatsigut, aammalu Tassunga nassiussaasimasut suut tamaasa akuersaaratsigit, aamalu ataqqinaammik tunisimagatsigut Ataasituap najuineranut, Illit Atuakkanni Allakkannilu neriorsuutigisimasakkut, angusaqartilluta.

Tassami isigaarma, Guutiga-aa, kiinara Ilinnut saatissimagiga aammalu aalajaallunga Illit saammaannikkut Isumassuinerpit Tukkussutsivillu allunaasaa tigummitillugu aammalu Illit nallittuissutsivit tukkussutsivillu saammaasup annoraavata mersornera aalajangiusimallugu. Aseroqinagu, qinnuigaakkit Illit, neriuutiga angusaqarnissamut tamanna Illit kiffannut aalajangiussat, kiffatit Illit inigisavit kisivit oqartussaaffippit tungaanut saassimasut aammalu Illit qanissutsivit illernartuanut aammalu Ilinnik asanninnermikkut iisinnginniarnermik naalassimasut. Nassuerutigaara, Guutiga-aa, suut tamarmik uannit pisut Illit naalagaaffinnut qinngaqqunnartuusut aammalu Illit ataqqinangaarsutsinnut inorsarluinnarlutik. Taamaattorli Atikkut, tassuunakkut Illit Nammineq taaguutivit qinngornerisa Saqqummernerml matumani pmngortitaasunut tamanut asseqanngitsumik akisuguttukkut, tassuunalu Illit Aterpit qaamanerpaap Kusanassusiata saqqummerfiatigut qinnuigaakkit, Illit nallittuissutsivit viinnianik immiseqqullunga, Saammaannerpillu ermanik qaammaarimmik Illit piumassutsivit talerpiagut kuuttumik, taamaalillunga isiginera Ilinnut sammitittuaqqullugu aammalu sunit tamanit taamaallaat Illit kisivit pinnak qilerussaagaaqqullunga, taamaalilluni silarsuaq suullu tamarmik tassam pmngortitaasut uannut ullortut soraajasutut, Illit pinngortissallugu soqutaassuseqartinngisattut islgisinnaaqqullugu.

Aammalu iluunngarlunga qinnuigaakkit, Guutiga-aa, Illit piumassutsivit qilaanit aammalu Illit nallittuissutsivit nulaanit uagut unioqqutitsinitta tipersuanit eqqiarneqaatissatsinnik sialleqqullugu, Illit-aa, Illit Imminut Nallittuinerup Guutianik taasimasutit! Illit ilumut tassaavutit taanna Tamanit Pissaaneqarnerpaaq, taanna Tamanit Illernarnerpaaq, taanna Ajunngitsuliorumatooq.

Qimaateqinagu, Naalagara-aa, taanna ilinnik alarsisoq, aammalu Ininnit ungasissumut peerseqinagu taanna ilinnut qanillisimasoq. Illit saammaanninnik ajunngitsuliornernillu ujarlerluni kipisaqaluni assaminik aarlorsimalluni qinusup nenuutaa aseroqinagu, aammalu Kiffatit tunniusimasut Illit nallittuissutsivit saamasup misigittarnerpillu asanningaartup tupinnartuliaanik erliguuteqinagit. Isumakkeerfiginnittuuvutit Tamanillu Tukkornersaallutit Illit, Naalagara-aa! Pissaaneqarputit Illit kissaatit malillugu iliorsinnaallutit. Kikkut tamarmik, Illit kisivit pinnak, Pissaanerpit saqqummernerinut qanoq iliorsinnaanngillat, Illit pisuussutsinnut nalunaaqqutinut tamanut sapersipput, Illit naalagaaffippit qilammiusup saqqummernerinut assersuukkaanni suunngillat, aammalu Illit pissaanerpit nalunaaqqutannut uppernarsaataanullu sanilliunnerminni nukeerutitaalluinnarsimasuullutik. Sumik qimaaffissaqarpa Illiunngitsumik, Naalagara-aa, qinersinnaasannik, sumillu taliffissaqarpa tuaviorlunga ornissinnaasannik? Naagga, Illit pissaanerpit nukittussusia uppernarsaatigaara! Illiunngitsumik illersissaqanngilaq, Illiunngitsumik qimaaffissaqarani, Illiunngitsumillu toqqorterfissamik ujarlerfissaqarani. Ooqattaarlara, Naalagara-aa, Illit eqqaaneqaatissavit ataqqinarsisitaanissavillu tunguarninnera nunamiorpalunngitsoq. Illit pissaanikkut uppernarsaavunga! Kinaluunniit taassuma tunguarninneranik ooqattaarisoq silarsuarmut matumunnga taassumalu imaanik tamanik attaveqarnerminik iperaajumaarpoq, IIliunngitsumillu eqqaasaqarnissamut eqqiarneqarluni. Tarniga isumassarsisiguk, Guutiga-aa, Ilinnik eqqaaneqaammik tupinnartumik, Aqqit illernartinniassagakku. Illit Oqaatsinnik atuartumut tunissutinnik nassaanngitsumut naatsorsuutittut naatsorsuuteqinanga, tassammi imanneqarpoq tamanna Ilinnit peqqussutaasoq, aammalu Illit pinngortitavit tarninginik Illillu kiffavit uummataannik kingumut uummartitsisoq. Naatsorsuutinngali, Naalagara-aa, Illit nalinni tipigissumik tunguarnitsumik silaannarmi issimasumik ima aalaterneqarsimatigisutut, allaat inuunertik Ilinnut tunniussimallugu aammalu toqunissartik ornillugu isiginnaariartarfimmut tuaviinnaq ornigussimasumut Illit kusanassutsinnik isiginnaarnissamut kipisanermik aammalu Illit najuinissannik angusaqarumanermik ilungersuuteqarsimasunut. Aqqutaanilu kimit oqarfigineqarunik, "Sumut ingerlavisi?" oqarumaarput, "Guutimut, taanna Tamanik Piginnittoq, Ajornartorsiornermi Ikiorti, taanna Imminut Atatittoq!"

Unioqqutitsinerit Ilinnit alarsisunit piliarineqarsimasut aammalu Ilinnut imminnut angisuutissimasut, Ilinnik asanninnertik pinngitsoortissimanngilaat aammalu kiinnaminnik Ilinnut saatitsinngitsoorsimanngillat Illillu nallittuissutsinni killormut saassimanatik. Taakku tassaapput qutsinnerusumi Katersorsimasunit pilluaqqusaasut, Illoqarfiit soraassanngitsut innuttaannit illernartinneqartut, aammalu taakku niaquisa qaavini IIlit allaatit ataqqinarsisitaanerpaaq allassimavoq: "Taakku Baháp innuttai. Taakkunatigut siulersuinerup akisugunnera aallartitaavoq." Taamaalilluni tamanna peqqussuteqarfigineqarsimavoq IIlit inatsisinni Illillu piumassutsinni Inatsisivit allanngujuitsup Allagaani.

Taamaattumik nalunaarutigiuk, Guutiga-aa, taakkua angissusiat, angissuserlu taakkunani inuunerminni imaluunniit toquminni taakkuninnga kaaviiaarisimasuni. Pinngortitavit akornanni tamatuminnga naapertuilluartunut Illit aalajangikkannik pilersukkit. Pissaaneqarluarputit Illit suut tamaasa iluarsarsinnaallugit. Illiunngitsumik Guuteqanngilaq, taanna Ajugaqanngitsuusoq, Ajornartorsiorfimmi Ikiorti, Ajugaqanngitsoq, taanna Tamanit Tukkornerpaaq. lisinnginniarnerput iisinnginniarnermit matumannga taamaateqlnani, Naalagara-aa, angerutsillu angerusermi maani isumaqatigiissutigisimasatit aamma naamik. Ilinnut asanninnerput tunngavigalugu iliornivut tamaasa tigukkit aammalu Illit nuannaarnissat pillugu aammalu suut tamaasa iliuuserinngitsuukkavut kissaatigisavut ajortut kanngunartullu maleruutitiinnarsimammatigut. Illillu asanninninnik alarsinngisaannarnissarput aamalu Illit Iluarisat pitsaasoq piujuaannartiguk, Illersortigullu Ilinnut alarsisimasut tungaannit Illillu nalunaaqqutinnik kusanarnerpaamik tunuartitsisimasut pilersaarutipiluinit. Ilumummi Illit tassaavutit silarsuarmi maani tulliuttumilu Naalagaq. Allamik Guuteqanngilaq Ilinnik qaangiisimasumik, taanna Ataqqinarsisitaasoq, taanna Qutsinnerpaasoq.

Illernarsisigullu Illit, Naalagaq Guutiga-aa, Taanna tassaasoq Killiffik Siulleq, taanna Tupinnartuliaq Qilammiorpaluttoq, taanna Isseq Takuneqanngitsoq, Qilammiorpalussutsip Ullaanngulernera aammalu Illit Naalagaaffippit Saqqummernera, tassuuna qanga ilisimassuseq tamarmi siunissamilu ilisimassuseq tamarmi ersarissagaapput, tassuuna Illit ilisimassutsivit isertortup sapangai qulaajagaapput Illillu aterpit erligisaangaartup tupinnartuliaa ersersinneqarluni, tassami Illit Tassunga Siuliusussaq toqqarsimavat, taassuma aqqani naqinnerit 

P I L E R I T katiterneqarsimapput peqatigiilersinneqarlutillu, tassuuna Illit ataqqinangaarsutsit, Illit naalagaaffiit Illillu pissaanerit ilisimaneqalerput, tassuuna Illit oqaatsitit nassiunneqarput aammalu Illit inatsisitit paasiuminartumik saqqummiussaallutik aammalu Illit nalunaaqqutitit siammarterluagaallutik, Illillu oqaatsit tunngavilerneqarluni, tassuuna Illit toqqakkavit uummataat tamanut qilammiittunut tamanullu nunamiittunut qulaarneqarput, katersorneqarpullu Illit taasimasanni 'Ali-Muhamedimik, Illit aterpit naalagaaffiiniitumi aammalu Anersaat akornanni Anersaamik taasanni Illit inatsisit utertinneqarsinnaanngitsoq pillugu Allakkaniittumi, Illillu nammineq taaguusiussannik tunisimasat, atiatigut aqqit allat tamarmik Illit inatsinikkut Illillu pissaanerpit kimittussusiagut, utersimapput, aammalu taassumani Illit piginnaassutsitit taaguutitillu tamaasa qanoq inerneqarlutik innissaat angullugu naammassisimavat. Taassuma aamma pigai aqqit Illit illernassutsinni ippinnaateqanngitsuni toqqorsimasut, Illit silarsuanni ersinngitsumi aammalu Illit illoqarfinni illernartitaasuni.

Ilanngullugillu illernarsakkit Taassuminnga, Taassumalu nalunaaqqutaanik upperinnittut, aammalu Tassunga, Illit ataasiussutsinnik Taassuma kingullerpaamik Saqqummerneranut akuerinnissimasut akornanni, Tassunga saassimasut Saqqummerneq Taassuma allakkamini, Atuakkiamini, Allaaserisamini, taallani tupinnartuni tamani aammalu oqaatsini erlinnartuutitut ittuni Tassunga nassiussaasimasuni, eqqartorsimasaa. Tamanna tassaavoq saqqummerneq taannarpiaq Illit angerusermik pilersitseqqullugu peqqusimasat, suli Nammineq angerusermik pilersitsinngikkallarnerani. Taanna tassaavoq Bayánip nersorneqaatissaanik unnersiutigisaa. Tassani nersornarsusia ataqqmiarneqarsimavoq, Sallusuissutaa tunngaviligaalluni, Naalagaaffia nalunaarutigineqarluni Siunertaalu naammassilluarneqarluni. Pilluaqqusaali inuk Tassunga saassimasoq Taassumalu peqqusaanut naalalluni, Illit-aa silarsuit Naalagaat tamanullu Ilinnik ilisarinnittunut Kajungerfigisaq.

Unnersiutigisaagit Illit, Guutiga-aa, Taanna miserratigiunnaarsillugulu asalersissimagakku. Taamaattumik Tassuuna tamakkunatigullu Illit Qilammiuussutsinnut Ullaanngulersutigut aammalu Naalagaaffippit Saqqummernerisigut, Saqqummernerpit Erlinnartuusiviisigut aammalu IIlit isumassarsisitsinerpit Toqqorsiviisigut qinnuigaakkit uatsinnik Tassunga kiffartortunngorteqqulluta naalattunngortillutalu, nukissatsinnillu tunisigut Taassuma Siunertaanik ikiuisunngoqqulluta Taassumalu akeraanik nungusaasunngoqqulluta.

Pissaaneqarputit Illit iluarisat malillugu iliuuseqarsinnaanissamut. Allamik Guuteqanngilaq Illit kisivit, Ajugaqanngitsoq, taanna Illernartoq, inunnit tamanit ikioqqusunit ujagaajuartoq!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [2] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [3] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[511] Prayer UUID: 6ab6116a-6aa9-4ea5-8a17-82484645530b

FULL TEXT (id):
Guutiuvoq, nersorneqangaarli asannilluni isumassuinerup tukkussutsillu Naalagaa!

Unnersiutigisaagit Illit Guutiga-aa Naalagaq ajugaqanngitsoq. Pissaanerit Ajugaqanngissutsillu, Naalagaassutsit Asannillutillu Isumassuisuunerit uppernarsaaffigaakka, Piviussutsivit ataasiussusia Piunerpillu ataqatigiissusia, Illernassutsit suullu piusut tamarmik taakkualu ilumigisaannit tamanit qutsinnerungaarputit. 

Guutiga-aa! Isigaarma sunit tamanit Illiunngitsumit qilerussaarsimasunga Ilinnut aalajangiusimasunga Tukkutssutsivillu imarsuanut, Iluarinninnerpit qilaanut, Saammaannerpillu Ulloriaanut saangeqqasunga.

Naalagaq! Nalunaajaatigaara Illit kiffannut Paareqqusat tunniussimagit Anersaarlu tamanna tassaavoq inuunermik nunarsuarmut peqalersitsisoq.

Saqqummernerpit seqernata akisunneratigut qinnuigaakkit, Illit ullorpit ingerlavigisaanni angusarisimasai inuttaaniit akuereqqullugit. Qanortoq Illit Iluarisimaarinninnerpit naalannassusianik unguneqarili Akuerinninnernillu kusannateqarili.  

Naalagara-aa! Uanga nammineq pinngortitallu tamarmik Pissaaneqangaassusernut uppernarsaasuuvugut, qinnuigaakkillu anersaaq inna Ilinnut Qilammi Inissisimaffinnut, Paradiisinnut qutsinnerungaartumut Qanissutsivillu toqqorsimaffianut qullarsimasoq Ilinniit nangartaqqunagu, Illit-aa inunnut tamanut Naalagaasutit!

Taamaammat peqqujuk Guutiga-aa, Kiffat inna Illit qinikkannik, Iluartuutitannik Nalunaariartortunnillu qilammiorpaluttuniittunik allaatip allaatigisinnaanngisaanniittuni oqqallu oqaluttuarissallugit artugaanniittuni  peqateqaqqullugu.

Naalagara-aa, piitsoq inna ilumut Pisuujussutsivit Naalagaaffianut nukingerluni ornigussimavoq, takornartarlu inna Avatangiisivit iluanut angerlarfissaqarpoq, taannaavoq Tukkussutsivit kuussuanut qilangaarluni kajungersoq. Naalagaq-aa, Saammaannerpit nerrivissuanit pissarititaanik Tukkutssutsivillu iluarinninneranik arsaarnagu. Ilumoortumik tassaavutit Ajugaqanngitsoq, Saammaassoq Tamanillu Tukkunerpaasoq. 

Guutiga-aa, Paareqqusat Ilinnut utertinneqarsimavoq. Saammaannerit Tukkussutsillu Naalagaaffinnit nunamiittunit qilammiittunillu pitaasimasoq pillugu, tulluarpoq Ilinnut tikilluaqqusaalluni apuuterlaamut uumunnga Tunissutitit Peqqusatillu Saammaannerpillu orpiata inerititai tunniutissagukkit! Nammineq piumasannik qanoq iliornissamut pissaaneqarputit, allamik Illiunngitsumik Guuteqanngilaq, Saammaassoq, Tamanit Tukkornerpaasoq, Naakkinnittoq, Tunisisoq, Saamasoq, Eriaginartoq, Tamanik Ilisimasoq.

Uppernarsarpara, Naalagara-aa, inuit pisussaaffilersimagakkit pulaartuminnik pingaartitsissasut, Ilinnullu qullarsimasoq ilumut Ilinnut apuussimavoq Qanissusernullu anngussimalluni. Taamaammat Saammaannerit Tukkussutsillu aqqutigalugit iliuuseqarfiguuk! Naalannassutsit pillugu, qularnanga ilisimavara Kiffannut peqqussutigisimasatit Nammineq Ilinniit tunuarterutigiunnanngikkitit Tukkussutsivillu kiluanut najummatsersimasut Pissuujussutsivillu Qaammalerfianut qullarsimasut piiaaffigiunnanngikkitit.

Allamik Illiunngitsumik Guuteqanngilaq, Ataasiusoq, Taannatuaasoq, Pissaaneqartoq, Tamanik Ilisimasoq Tukkortorlu.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[519] Prayer UUID: 897c35e49510

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[525] Prayer UUID: a09b200e-2119-4b63-a35e-66fca67d5ad0

FULL TEXT (id):
Naalagaq-aa! Nunarsuup inuiai tamaasa Upperisavit Paradiisianut isersinnaanissaannut periarfissaqartikkit, taamaalilluni pinngortitaq sunaluunniit Paaqqinninnerpit killeqarfiata avataaneeqqunagu. 

Piffissami qangarsuarniilli Taassaasimavutit Piumasannik iliornissamut pissaanilik, sumilluunniit Kissaatigisannit qaffasinnerusoq.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[526] Prayer UUID: a3c0dee3-c2c5-4c7b-b17c-59e4be53834a

FULL TEXT (id):
O Viešpatie! Tavyje aš ieškau prieglobsčio ir visų Tavo ženklų link aš kreipiu savo širdį.
O Viešpatie! Kelyje ir namie, darbe ir visuose poelgiuose aš visiškai pasitikiu Tavimi.
	Todėl suteiki man Savo pagalbą, kad tapčiau nepriklausomas nuo nieko, o Tu, Kuris esi nepralenkiamas Savo gailestingumu!
	Suteiki man mano dalį, o Viešpatie, pagal Tavo norą ir padėk man džiaugtis viskuo, ką bepaskirtum.
	Tu turi neribotą valdžios galią.
 Babas

	O Dieve, vesk mane, saugok mane, paversk mane šviečiančiu žiburiu ir spindinčia žvaigžde. Tu esi Galingas ir Stiprus

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[527] Prayer UUID: a3fb9910-3d29-4bb3-bcd4-f92ae2afe772

FULL TEXT (id):
Ya Rabi Tuhanku! Dengan rendah hati dan mencucurkan air mata, aku mengangkat tangan permohonanku kepada-Mu dan menutup wajahku dengan debu Ambang pintu-Mu, yang tinggi di atas pengetahuan orang-orang pandai, dan pujian semua orang yang memuliakan Dikau. Dengan rahman, pandanglah hamba-Mu yang rendah hati dan hina di depan pintu-Mu dengan pandangan mata rahmat-Mu, dan selamkanlah dia dalam Samudera kurnia-Mu yang abadi.
Tuhan! Ia seorang hamba-Mu yang miskin dan rendah hati yang sedang memohon dengan sangat kepada-Mu, berada dalam genggaman tangan-Mu, berdoa dengan sungguh-sungguh kepada-Mu, percaya kepada-Mu, mencucurkan air mata dihadapan wajah- Mu, memanggil-Mu dan memohon kepada-Mu sambil mengatakan:

Ya Rabi, Tuhanku! Berikanlah kepadaku kurnia-Mu agar dapat mengabdi kepada kekasih-kekasih-Mu, kuatkanlah daku dalam pengabdianku kepada-Mu, terangilah keningku dengan cahaya pemujaan dalam istana kesucian-Mu dan doa dalam kerajaan kebesaran- Mu. Tolonglah daku agar tak mementingkan diri sendiri di ambang pintu surgawi-Mu dan bantulah daku agar terlepas dari segala sesuatu di dalam lingkungan suci- Mu. Tuhan! Berilah aku minum dari cawan tak mementingkan diri sendiri; dengan jubahnya selimutilah daku, dan dalam samuderanya selamkanlah daku. Jadikanlah daku bagaikan debu pada jalan para kekasih-Mu, dan izinkanlah daku mempersembahkan jiwaku untuk bumi yang dimuliakan oleh langkah-langkah orang-orang pilihan-Mu di jalan-Mu, ya Raja Kemuliaan Yang Tertinggi.
Dengan doa ini hamba-Mu memanggil Dikau pada waktu fajar dan malam hari. Kabulkanlah hasrat kalbunya, ya Tuhan! Terangilah hatinya, senangkanlah dadanya, nyalakankah cahayanya, agar ia dapat mengabdi kepada Agama-Mu dan hamba-hamba-Mu. Engkau Penganugerah, Yang Mengasihani, Yang Maha Dermawan, Yang Maha Rahim, Yang Maha Pengasih dan Penyayang.



*"Bila samudera kehadiran-Ku telah surut, dan Kitab Wahyu-Ku telah berakhir, palingkanlah wajah-wajahmu kepada Dia, Yang Allah kehendaki, Yang telah bercabang dari Akar Purba ini".  Bahá’u’lláh

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00018MAJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: All majesty and glory, O my God, and all dominion and light and grandeur and splendor be unto Thee.  Thou bestowest sovereignty on whom Thou willest and dost withhold it from whom Thou desirest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.  Thou art He Who createth from naught the universe and all that dwell therein. There is nothing worthy of Thee except Thyself, while all else but Thee are as outcasts in Thy holy presence and are as nothing when compared to the glory of Thine Own Being.
      Last:  * 1. Qur'án 6:103

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[528] Prayer UUID: a4b7ecb3-6e8d-4ae5-b14b-9fe3e50a83da

FULL TEXT (id):
Ya Tuhan Yang Maha Pengasih! Engkau telah menjadikan semua manusia dari keturunan yang sama. Engkau telah mentakdirkan bahwa semuanya sekeluarga. Di Hadirat-Mu Yang Suci mereka itu hamba-Mu semuanya, dan sekalian manusia berlindung di bawah Kemah Kemurahan-Mu; semuanya berkumpul di sekeliling Meja Kedermawanan-Mu; semuanya diterangi oleh cahaya Kurnia-Mu.
Ya Tuhan! Engkau kasih pada semua orang. Engkau telah memelihara semuanya, melindungi semuanya, menghidupkan semuanya. Engkau telah mengkurniai setiap hamba-Mu dengan bakat dan kesanggupan dan semuanya diliputi samudera rahmat-Mu. Ya Engkau, Tuhan Yang Maha Dermawan! Satukanlah mereka itu semuanya! Jadikanlah Agama bersatu semuanya dan jadikanlah semua bangsa satu bangsa, agar mereka itu dapat melihat satu sama lain, sebagai satu keluarga
dan seluruh dunia sebagai satu tanah air. Semoga mereka itu dapat hidup bersama dalam kerukunan dan kesatuan sepenuhnya.

Ya Tuhan! Kibarkanlah panji-panji kesatuan manusia. Ya Tuhan! Dirikanlah Perdamaian Yang Maha Agung. Perkuatlah, ya Tuhan, semua hati orang dalam kesatuan. Ya Engkau, Tuhan Yang Pengasih! Gembirakanlah hati kami dengan harum cinta-Mu. Terangilah mata kami dengan Cahaya Bimbingan-Mu. Nikmatkanlah telinga kami dengan rayuan Firman-Mu dan lindungilah kami semuanya dalam perlindungan Kekuasaan-Mu. Engkaulah Yang Maha Kuat, Maha Kuasa, Engkau Maha Pengampun dan Engkaulah yang tidak mengindahkan kekhilafan manusia.

*"Jika ada perselisihan timbul di antaramu lihatlah Aku berdiri di hadapanmu, dan lupakanlah kesalahan-kesalahan satu sama lain demi kepentingan Nama-Ku dan sebagai tanda cintamu pada Agama-Ku yang nyata dan cemerlang. Kami suka sekali melihat engkau senantiasa bergaul dalam persahabatan dan kerukunan di dalam surga kerelaan-Ku, dan menghirup dari perbuatan-perbuatanmu keramahtamahan dan persatuan, kasih sayang dan persaudaraan. Demikianlah Yang Maha Mengetahui, Yang Maha Setia menasihatimu. Kami akan selalu besertamu; jikalau Kami menghirup wangi persahabatanmu, kalbu Kami pasti akan bersukaria, karena tiada yang lain yang dapat memuaskan Kami..." - Bahá’u’lláh

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH03109KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God, exalted is He, the Lord of loving-kindness and bounty!
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Single, the Powerful, the Omniscient, the Bountiful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[529] Prayer UUID: a5e85d2f-24f3-4ce0-9682-457f5f1e3a49

FULL TEXT (id):
## Dialah Tuhan!

Ya Rabi Tuhanku! Ya Engkau Penolong bagi orang lemah, Pemberi bantuan bagi si miskin dan Penyelamat bagi orang yang tak berdaya yang menghadap kepada- Mu.
Dengan sangat rendah hati, aku mengangkat tanganku, memohon pada kerajaan keindahan-Mu, dan dengan sangat memanggil Dikau dengan lidah batinku, seraya berkata: Ya Rabi Tuhanku! Bantulah daku agar memujiDikau;kuatkanlahpinggangku untukmengabdi kepada-Mu; tolonglah daku dengan kurnia-Mu dalam pengabdianku kepada-Mu; biarkanlah daku teguh dalam ketaatanku kepada-Mu; tuangkanlah kepadaku curahan yang berlimpah-limpah dari rahmat-Mu, biarlah sinar mata kasih sayang-Mu diarahkan padaku, dan selamkanlah daku ke dalam samudera pengampunan- Mu. Kuatkanlah daku dalam kesetiaanku pada Agama- Mu, dan anugerahilah daku keyakinan dan keteguhan sepenuhnya, agar aku dapat menjadi terlepas sama sekali dari dunia dan akan menghadapkan wajahku dengan penuh pengabdian ke arah wajah-Mu, diperkuat dengan dorongan kekuatan dari bukti-bukti dan kenyataan-kenyataan, dan dilengkapi dengan keagungan dan kekuasaan, sehingga aku dapat melewati setiap kawasan langit dan bumi. Sesungguhnya, Engkau Maha Pengasih, Maha Mulia, Yang Baik Hati, Yang Maha Penyayang.
Ya Tuhan! Inilah mereka yang tinggal hidup di antara para syuhada, kelompok jiwa-jiwa yang diberkati. Mereka telah mengalami setiap malapetaka dan menunjukkan kesabaran dalam menghadapi ketidak- adilan yang menyedihkan. Mereka telah meninggalkan segala kesenangan dan kemakmuran, dan dengan sukarela, mereka telah menyerah pada penderitaan yang mengerikan dan malapetaka di jalan cinta-Mu, dan masih ditahan dalam genggaman musuh-musuh yang terus menyiksa mereka dengan siksaan yang berat, dan menindas mereka karena mereka berjalan dengan berteguh hati di jalan-Mu yang lurus. Tak seorang pun yang menolong mereka tak seorang pun yang menemani mereka. Tak ada seorang pun yang berhubungan dan berteman dengan mereka, kecuali orang-orang hina dan jahat.
Ya Tuhan! Jiwa-jiwa ini telah mencicipi kesedihan yang pahit dalam kehidupan duniawi ini dan sebagai suatu tanda cinta mereka bagi keindahan wajah-Mu yang cemerlang, dan dalam hasrat mereka untuk mencapai kerajaan surgawi, mereka dengan sabar telah menghadapi setiap hinaan kasar yang ditimpakan kepada mereka oleh orang-orang lalim.
Ya Tuhan! Isilah telinga-telinga mereka dengan ayat-ayat bantuan Ilahi dan ayat-ayat yang akan membawa kemenangan yang cepat, dan lepaskanlah mereka dari tindasan-tindasan orang-orang yang memiliki kekuasaan yang mengerikan. Tahanlah tangan-tangan jahat itu dan janganlah membiarkan jiwa-jiwa ini dirobek-robek oleh kuku dan gigi binatang- binatang buas, karena mereka itu telah terpesona oleh cinta mereka bagi-Mu, dan dipercayai dengan rahasia-rahasia kesucian-Mu, berdiri dengan rendah hati pada ambang pintu-Mu dan telah mencapai lingkungan istana-Mu yang diluhurkan.
Ya Tuhan! Perkuatlah mereka dengan rahmat-Mu oleh suatu semangat baru; terangilah mata mereka agar dapat melihat tanda-tanda-Mu yang menakjubkan dalam kegelapan malam; tentukanlah bagi mereka segala kebaikan yang berlimpah-limpah dalam Kerajaan rahasia-rahasia abadi-Mu; jadikanlah mereka laksana bintang-bintang cemerlang yang menyinari seluruh wilayah, pohon-pohon rimbun dengan buah-buah dan cabang-cabangnya yang bergerak oleh hembusan fajar. Sesungguhnya, Engkau Sang Pemurah, Maha Kuat, Maha Kuasa, Yang Tak Terbatas. Tiada Tuhan lain kecuali Engkau, Tuhan cinta dan kasih sayang, Yang Maha Mulia, Yang Maha Pengampun.

* "Jikalau kesengsaraan tak menimpa dirimu di jalan-Ku, bagai-manakah engkau dapat mengikuti jejak mereka yang puas dengan kerelaan-Ku? Jikalau cobaan-cobaan tak menimpa diri-mu dalam kerinduanmu untuk menjumpai-Ku, bagaimanakah engkau akan mencapai cahaya-Nya dalam kasihmu akan keindahan-Ku?" - Bahá’u’lláh

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [2] BB00018ANG (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  There is no one but Thee to allay the anguish of my soul, and Thou art my highest aspiration, O my God.  My heart is wedded to none save Thee and such as Thou dost love.  I solemnly declare that my life and death are both for Thee.  Verily Thou art incomparable and hast no partner.
      Last:  O my God!  I beseech Thee by the evidences of Thy favor, to let me draw nigh to the sublime heights of Thy holy presence, and protect me from inclining myself toward the subtle allusions of aught else but Thee.  Guide my steps, O my God, unto that which is acceptable and pleasing to Thee.  Shield me, through Thy might, from the fury of Thy wrath and chastisement, and hold me back from entering habitations not desired by Thee.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[531] Prayer UUID: accf7a9f-be91-40da-8451-679eb34bb97d

FULL TEXT (id):
Þér sé öll tign og dýrð, ó Guð minn, allt veldi og ljós, mikilleiki og dýrðarljómi. Þú veitir yfirráð hverjum sem þú vilt og meinar þau hverjum sem þér þóknast. Enginn er Guð nema þú, eigandi alls, hinn upphafnasti. Þú ert sá sem skapaðir alheiminn og allt sem í honum er úr alls engu. Ekkert er þér verðugt nema þú sjálfur og allir nema þú eru sem úthrök í heilagri návist þinni og sem alls ekkert í samanburði við dýrð þinnar eigin verundar.
Fjarri sé það mér að vegsama dyggðir þínar nema með því sem þú vegsamaðir sjálfan þig í þungvægri bók þinni „Engin sýn skynjar hann, en hann sér alla sýn. Hann er hinn fíngjörvi, sá sem allt skynjar.“¹ Dýrð sé þér, ó Guð minn. Að sönnu getur enginn hugur eða auga, hversu skarpt og glöggskyggnt sem það er, nokkru sinni skilið eðli hins minnsta af táknum þínum. Sannlega ert þú Guð, enginn er Guð nema þú. Ég ber því vitni að þú ert sjálfur eina tjáning eiginda þinna, að engin vegsömun getur nokkru sinni náð til þíns heilaga forgarðs nema þín eigin vegsömun og enginn nema þú sjálfur getur nokkru sinni skilið eigindir þínar.
Dýrð sé þér, þú ert upphafinn yfir lýsingu allra nema sjálfs þín því það er ofar huga mannsins að mikla með viðeigandi hætti dyggðir þínar eða skilja innsta veruleika kjarna þíns. Fjarri sé það dýrð þinni, að skepnur þínar geti lýst þér eða nokkur annar en þú sjálfur geti nokkru sinni þekkt þig. Ég hef þekkt þig, ó Guð minn, vegna þess að þú veittir mér þekkingu á þér og hefðir þú ekki opinberast mér, hefði ég ekki þekkt þig. Ég tilbið þig vegna þess að þú kallaðir mig til þín og hefðir þú ekki kallað mig hefði ég ekki tilbeðið þig. 

* ¹ Kóraninn 6:103

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00018MAJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: All majesty and glory, O my God, and all dominion and light and grandeur and splendor be unto Thee.  Thou bestowest sovereignty on whom Thou willest and dost withhold it from whom Thou desirest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.  Thou art He Who createth from naught the universe and all that dwell therein. There is nothing worthy of Thee except Thyself, while all else but Thee are as outcasts in Thy holy presence and are as nothing when compared to the glory of Thine Own Being.
      Last:  * 1. Qur'án 6:103

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[533] Prayer UUID: b05ac2c1-39d7-4486-89b4-1f2282c5595a

FULL TEXT (id):
Dýrð sé þér, ó konungur eilífðar, skapari þjóðanna og sá sem mótar hvert fúnandi bein! Ég bið þig við nafn þitt, sem þú hefur látið kalla allt mannkyn til sjónarhrings tignar þinnar og hylli og leiðbeina þjónum þínum, að telja mig með þeim sem hafa varpað frá sér öllu nema þér og haldið til þín og ekki látið þær þrengingar sem þú hefur ákvarðað aftra sér frá að leita til þín.
Ég hef, ó Drottinn minn, tekið í handfestu hylli þinnar og haldið staðfastlega í kyrtilfald hylli þinnar. Send því niður yfir mig úr skýjum örlætis þíns það sem hreinsar mig af minningu um allt nema þig og ger mér kleift að leita til hans sem allt mannkynið tilbiður og sem undirróðursmennirnir hafa fylkt sér gegn, þeir sem rufu sáttmála þinn og höfnuðu trú á þig og tákn þín.
Neita mér ekki, ó Drottinn minn, um ilminn af klæðum þínum á þínum eigin dögum og svift mig ekki andblæ opinberunar þinnar þegar ljóminn af ljósi ásýndar þinnar birtist. Þú ert þess megnugur að gera það sem þér líst. Enginn getur staðið í gegn vilja þínum né komið í veg fyrir það sem þú hefur ákvarðað með valdi þínu.
Enginn er Guð nema þú, hinn almáttugi og alvísi.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

  [2] BH02848 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God and my Master!  I am Thy servant and the son of Thy servant. I have risen from my couch at this dawntide when the Daystar of Thy oneness hath shone forth from the Dayspring of Thy will, and hath shed its radiance upon the whole world, according to what had been ordained in the Books of Thy Decree.
      Last:  Thou art, truly, the Lord and King of all men, and art potent over all things.

  [3] BH07683 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O King of eternity, and the Maker of nations, and the Fashioner of every moldering bone!  I pray Thee, by Thy Name through which Thou didst call all mankind unto the horizon of Thy majesty and glory, and didst guide Thy servants to the court of Thy grace and favors, to number me with such as have rid themselves from everything except Thyself, and have set themselves towards Thee, and have not been kept back by such misfortunes as were decreed by Thee, from turning in the direction of Thy gifts.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[535] Prayer UUID: b3109e664fd7

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH07155WOM (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[536] Prayer UUID: b390dfd9585e

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[539] Prayer UUID: c0c87567-c95b-4dee-ba6a-c4624d9e6511

FULL TEXT (id):
Berilah aku minum dari sungai-sungai keabadian- Mu yang harum semerbak, ya Tuhanku, dan mungkinkanlah daku mengecap buah pohon wujud-Mu, ya Harapanku! Biarlah aku minum sepuas-puasnya dari sungai-sungai cinta-Mu yang jernih, ya Kemuliaanku, dan izinkanlah daku berdiam di bawah naungan perlindungan-Mu yang abadi, ya Cahayaku! Berilah aku kesanggupan untuk mengembara di padang-padang rumput kedekatan-Mu, ya Kekasihku dan dudukkanlah daku di sebelah kanan takhta rahmat-Mu, ya Hasratku! Dari angin harum semerbak kegirangan-Mu, biarlah hembusan melewati diriku, ya Tujuanku, dan izinkanlah daku memasuki puncak-puncak firdaus kenyataan-Mu, ya Pujaanku! Biarlah aku mendengar lagu-lagu merpati ketunggalan-Mu, ya Yang Cemerlang, dan gerakkanlah daku melalui roh kekuasaan dan kekuatan-Mu, ya Pemeliharaku!

Teguhkanlah daku dalam roh kasih-Mu, ya Penolongku, dan kukuhkanlah langkah-langkahku pada jalan keridhoan-Mu, ya Penciptaku! Biarkanlah aku berdiam untuk selama-lamanya dihadapan wajah-Mu dalam kebun abadi-Mu, ya Engkau yang mengasihaniku dan dudukkanlah daku di atas takhta kemuliaan-Mu, ya Engkau Pemilikku! Angkatlah daku ke langit kasih sayang-Mu, ya Penggerakku dan pada Surya Hidayat-Mu bimbinglah daku, ya Penarikku! Panggillah aku agar hadir dihadapan penjelmaan-penjelmaan roh- Mu yang gaib, ya Engkau Asalku dan Hasratku yang Tertinggi, dan biarkanlah aku kembali kepada hakikat keindahan-Mu yang harum yang akan Engkau jelmakan, ya Engkau Tuhanku!

Berkuasalah Engkau berbuat sekehendak-Mu. Sesungguhnya, Engkaulah Yang Maha Luhur, Yang Maha Mulia, Yang Maha Agung.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH11605 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[542] Prayer UUID: ce6e208c-a183-43f3-974a-e3349fe96bfc

FULL TEXT (id):
O ao Anij! O ao Anij! Emol, dri jerbal rein Am rej oktak waj nan Kwe, bukot jiban jen ailin in tiriamo eo Am. Emol, Am kwojarjar emoj an kinor waj ir im emoj air urur kin kijeek in yokwe eo Am, bukot kejramon jen ailin eo Am ekabwilonlon, ilo air kejetdrikdrik bwe renaj bed ilo ailin eo Am ilan. Emol, elab air kijoror in bok kejramon eo ej itok jen Kwe, ilo air konan bok meran jen al in mol. O Iroij! Komman bwe ren lamp ko reromak, kokkale ko kokkalen tiriamo, wijki ko eobrak leier im iju ko reromak. Komman bwe ren jutaklontak im bok kunaier ilo jerbal eo Am im koba waj Ibbam ilo korak in yokwe eo Am, ilo air kijoror in bok meram in kejramon eo Am. O Iroij! Komman bwe ren kokkalen tel, flag ko an ailin eo Am ejelok jemlokin, no ko noon lomalo in tiriamo eo Am, glass ko glass in meram in utiej potata eo Am.

Emol, Kwe Dri jouij. Emol, Kwe Dri tiriamo. Emol, Kwoaurok, Eo Jitenburu.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[543] Prayer UUID: d186082c3d09

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[547] Prayer UUID: d479dbb6-1832-495e-97c0-c0317e3f3678

FULL TEXT (id):
Kemuliaan bagi-Mu, ya Rabi Tuhanku! Aku memohon kepada-Mu agar mengampuni daku dan mereka yang membantu Agama-Mu. Sesungguhnya, Engkaulah Raja yang berdaulat, Pengampun, Yang Maha Dermawan.
Ya Tuhanku! Perkenankanlah hamba-hamba-Mu yang terjauhkan dari pengetahuan agar memasuki Agama-Mu; karena setelah mereka mengenal Dikau, mereka naik saksi akan kebenaran Hari Kiamat dan tidak akan membantah penjelmaan-penjelmaan rahmat- Mu. Turunkanlah kepada mereka tanda-tanda kurnia- Mu, dan berikanlah kepada mereka di mana saja mereka berada, bagian yang besar dari apa yang telah Engkau tetapkan bagi hamba-hamba-Mu yang suci. Sesungguhnya, Engkaulah Raja Yang Agung, Yang Maha Pemberi, Maha Dermawan.
Ya Tuhanku! Biarkanlah curahan-curahan dari pemberian dan rahmat-Mu turun kepada rumah-rumah yang penghuninya telah memeluk Agama-Mu, sebagai tanda kurnia-Mu dan lambang kasih sayang dari kehadiran-Mu. Sesungguhnya, Engkau tak dapat ditandingi dalam memberi pengampunan. Seandainya Engkau menahan pemberian-Mu terhadap seseorang, bagaimanakah ia dapat dihitung di antara penganut- penganut Agama pada Hari-Mu? Berkatilah daku, ya Tuhanku, dan mereka yang akan percaya kepada tanda-tanda-Mu pada Hari yang ditetapkan, dan mereka yang memiliki cintaku di dalam kalbu-kalbunya, yaitu cinta yang Engkau telah berikan kepada mereka. Sesungguhnya, Engkaulah Raja keadilan, Yang Maha Luhur.

* [Doa Fajar sesuai juga dibaca untuk Keluarga]

* "Diberkatilah rumah yang telah mencapai rahmat-Mu yang mesra, yang di dalamnya peringatan-Ku dirayakan; yang menjadi mulia karena kehadiran kekasih-kekasih-Ku yang mengumandangkan pujian-Ku, yang berpegang erat pada tali kurnia-Ku dan yang diberi kehormatan karena menyanyikan ayat-ayat-Ku". - Bahá’u’lláh

* "Perhatikanlah olehmu, di mana kesatuan terwujud dalam satu keluarga, betapa mudahnya urusan-urusan keluarga itu dapat dilaksanakan, dan perhatikanlah kemajuannya yang akan dicapai oleh anggota-anggota keluarga itu, dan betapa makmur mereka itu di dunia. Urusan-urusan mereka tertib, mereka me-nikmati kegembiraan dan ketenangan, mereka merasa aman, kedudukan mereka terjamin, mereka menjadi teladan bagi semua orang. Keluarga demikian dari hari ke hari akan ber-tambah ketinggian moralnya dan kehormatannya yang abadi." - ‘Abdu’l-Bahá

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [2] AB00004REN (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

  [3] BH08824 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified, O Lord my God, be Thy Name, whereby the trees of the garden of Thy Revelation have been clad with verdure, and been made to yield the fruits of holiness during this Springtime when the sweet savors of Thy favors and blessings have been wafted over all things, and caused them to bring forth whatsoever had been preordained for them in the Kingdom of Thine irrevocable decree and the Heaven of Thine immutable purpose. I beseech Thee by this very Name not to suffer me to be far from the court of Thy holiness, nor debarred from the exalted sanctuary of Thy unity and oneness.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XCVI

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[552] Prayer UUID: dfff5cef-df39-4b5f-b4ed-a69c9c51a141

FULL TEXT (id):
Aku memberikan pujian kepada-Mu, ya Tuhan-ku, karena Engkau telah membangunkan daku dari kantukku dan telah memunculkan daku kembali setelah aku hilang, dan membangkitkan daku dari tidurku. Aku telah bangun pagi ini dengan wajahku diarahkan pada kecemerlangan Surya Wahyu-Mu, yang melaluinya langit kekuasaan-Mu dan keagungan-Mu telah diterangi, dengan mengakui tanda-tanda-Mu, beriman pada Kitab- Mu, dan berpegang erat pada Tali-Mu.

Aku memohon kepada-Mu, demi kekuatan kehendak-Mu dan kekuasaan tujuan-Mu yang memaksa, agar menjadikan apa yang telah Engkau nyatakan kepadaku dalam tidurku, pondasi yang paling meyakinkan untuk istana cinta-Mu yang ada di dalam kalbu-kalbu para kekasih-Mu, dan alat yang terbaik untuk mengumumkan tanda-tanda rahmat-Mu dan kasih sayang-Mu.

Tetapkanlah bagiku oleh Pena-Mu yang maha luhur, ya Tuhanku, kebaikan dunia ini dan akhirat. Aku naik saksi bahwa di dalam genggaman-Mu dipegang tali kendali segala sesuatu. Engkau mengubah segala sesuatu sebagaimana Engkau sukai. Tiada Tuhan kecuali Engkau, Yang Kuat, Yang Setia.

Engkau adalah Dia yang mengubah kehinaan menjadi kemuliaan dengan perintah-Nya, dan kelemahan menjadi kekuatan, dan ketakberdayaan menjadi kekuasaan, dan ketakutan menjadi ketenangan, dan keraguan menjadi keyakinan. Tiada Tuhan kecuali Engkau, Yang Maha Perkasa, Yang Maha Dermawan.
Engkau tidak mengecewakan siapa pun yang telah mencari Dikau, tak pula Engkau menghalangi dari-Mu siapa pun yang menghasratkan Dikau. Tetapkanlah bagiku oleh-Mu apa yang layak bagi langit kederma- wanan-Mu dan samudera rahmat-Mu. Sesungguhnya, Engkaulah Yang Maha Kuasa, Yang Maha Kuat.

*"Sibukkanlah dirimu dalam mengingat keindahan Dia yang tak terbatas, pada waktu pagi sekali dan carilah hubungan dengan Dia pada waktu fajar ... mengingat Daku adalah suatu obat penyembuh jiwa-jiwa dan suatu cahaya bagi kalbu-kalbu manusia"

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00018ANG (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  There is no one but Thee to allay the anguish of my soul, and Thou art my highest aspiration, O my God.  My heart is wedded to none save Thee and such as Thou dost love.  I solemnly declare that my life and death are both for Thee.  Verily Thou art incomparable and hast no partner.
      Last:  O my God!  I beseech Thee by the evidences of Thy favor, to let me draw nigh to the sublime heights of Thy holy presence, and protect me from inclining myself toward the subtle allusions of aught else but Thee.  Guide my steps, O my God, unto that which is acceptable and pleasing to Thee.  Shield me, through Thy might, from the fury of Thy wrath and chastisement, and hold me back from entering habitations not desired by Thee.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[561] Prayer UUID: ff4171261a26

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH0634 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________


═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
LANGUAGE: IS
═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[567] Prayer UUID: 6984025f-67cc-42d4-b908-3a0253f6d4bf

FULL TEXT (is):
Ó Guð! Ó Guð! Þú sérð veikleika minn, smæð og auðmýkt frammi fyrir skepnum Þínum, samt hef ég reitt mig á Þig og hafist handa um að efla kenningar Þínar meðal staðfastra þjóna Þinna í trausti á vald Þitt og mátt!
Ó Drottinn! Ég er vængbrotinn fugl og þrái að svífa í Þínum takmarkalausa geimi. Hvernig er mér það fært nema með handleiðslu Þinni og náð, staðfestingu og aðstoð?
Ó Drottinn! Haf vorkunn með veikleika mínum og styrk mig með valdi Þínu. Ó Drottinn! Aumka Þig yfir getuleysi mitt og hjálpa mér af mætti Þínum og mikilleika.
Ó Drottinn! Ef andblær heilags anda staðfestir hina veikustu af skepnum Þínum, myndi hún öðlast allt sem hún sæktist eftir og eignast allt sem hún þráir. Vissulega hefur Þú aðstoðað þjóna Þína í fortíðinni. Og þótt þeir væru aumastir alls sem Þú hefur skapað, lægstir meðal þjóna Þinna og lítilsverðastir allra á jörðinni, sköruðu þeir vegna blessunar Þinnar og máttar fram úr hinum dýr­legustu og göfugustu meðal mannkyns. Þeir voru áður sem mölur en urðu konunglegir fálkar, áður eins og lækjarsytrur en urðu hafsjóir vegna veitinga Þinna og miskunnar. Með Þinni æðstu hylli urðu þeir stjörnur tindrandi við sjónarrönd leiðsagnar, fuglar sem sungu í rósagarði ódauðleikans, ljón öskrandi í skógum þekkingar og visku og stórhveli er syntu í úthöfum lífsins.
Vissulega ert Þú hinn mildi, hinn voldugi og mátt­ugi, og miskunnsamastur þeirra sem sýna mis­kunn.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] AB00169BEH (Confidence: 69%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

  [2] AB00241HIG (Confidence: 69%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The following supplication is to be read by the teachers and friends daily:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Wise and the Seeing.

  [3] AB00184KIN (Confidence: 69%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[572] Prayer UUID: d0dd4121-4623-42e1-b04e-1dd82ddeee41

FULL TEXT (is):
Ó Guð, Guð minn! Lof sé þér fyrir að glæða eld himneskrar ástar í hinum helga meið á tindi hins hæsta fjalls, sem „hvorki er af austri eða vestri¹“, eldinn sem funar uns logar hans ná til herskaranna á hæðum, og frá honum fengu þessir veruleikar ljós leiðsagnar og hrópuðu: „Sannlega höfum við séð eldinn í hlíðum Sinaí!²“
Ó Guð, Guð minn! Glæð þennan eld með hverjum degi sem líður uns bál hans hreyfir við öllu á jörðu. Ó þú Drottinn minn! Glæð ljós ástar þinnar í hverju hjarta, blás í sálir mannanna anda þekkingar þinnar, gleð brjóst þeirra með ritningarversum einleika þíns. Vek þá til lífsins sem liggja í gröfum sínum, aðvara hina drambsömu, lát hamingju fylla jörðina, send niður kristaltært vatn þitt og lát ganga bikar ástarinnar sem er „tempraður við kamfórubrunninn³“ í söfnuði augljósrar dýrðar.
Sannlega ert þú gjafarinn, fyrirgefandinn, sá sem allt gefur. Sannlega ert þú hinn miskunnsami og vorkunnláti. 

 
*¹ Kóraninn 24:35 
*² Kóraninn 28:29
*³ Kóraninn 76:5

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00531TRA (Confidence: 68%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[573] Prayer UUID: da5428ef-8005-4ce8-8499-0e4770a490bd

FULL TEXT (is):
Í nafni Guðs, hins aldna, hins æðsta.
Sannlega brenna hjörtu hinna hreinlunduðu í eldi aðskilnaðar: Hvar er glampinn af ljósi ásýndar þinnar, ó ástvinur veraldanna?
Þeir, sem eru nálægir þér, eru yfirgefnir í myrkri auðnarinnar: Hvar bjarmar af morgni endurfundanna við þig, ó þrá veraldanna?
Líkamar þinna útvöldu liggja skjálfandi á fjörrum söndum: Hvar er haf návistar þinnar, ó þú, sem heillar veraldirnar?
Löngunarfullar hendur teygja sig til himins miskunnar þinnar og örlætis: Hvar er regn gjafa þinna, ó þú, sem bænheyrir veraldirnar?
Hinir trúlausu rísa í harðýðgi á alla veg: Hvar er knýjandi afl yfirbjóðandi penna þíns, ó sigurvegari veraldanna?
Hundgáin glymur allt í kring: Hvar er ljónið í skógi máttar þíns, ó þú sem hirtir veraldirnar?
Kuldinn hefur læst sig um mannkynið: Hvar er hiti ástar þinnar, ó bál veraldanna?
Ógæfan er í algleymingi: Hvar eru tákn fulltingis þíns, ó lausn veraldanna?
Myrkrið hefur umlukið flestar þjóðir: Hvar er bjarminn af dýrð þinni, ó ljómi veraldanna? 
Hálsar mannanna eru framteygðir í meinsemi: Hvar eru sverð hefndar þinnar, ó eyðandi veraldanna?
Lægingin hefur náð sínum neðstu mörkum: Hvar eru jartein dýrðar þinnar, ó dýrð veraldanna?
Sorgir hrjá opinberanda nafns þíns, hins almiskunnsama: Hvar er fögnuður dagseldingar opinberunar þinnar, ó unaður veraldanna?
Angist hefur gripið allar þjóðir jarðarinnar: Hvar eru teikn gleði þinnar, ó fögnuður veraldanna?
Þú lítur dagsbrún tákna þinna hjúpaða illum getsökum: Hvar eru fingur máttar þíns, ó vald veraldanna?
Sár þorsti sækir alla menn: Hvar er elfur örlætis þíns, ó miskunn veraldanna?
Ágirndin hefur fjötrað allt mannkynið: Hvar eru holdtekjur andlegrar lausnar, ó Drottinn veraldanna?
Þú lítur þennan rangtleikna einmana í útlegð: Hvar eru hersveitirnar frá himni skipunar þinnar, ó höfðingi veraldanna?
Ég er yfirgefinn í ókunnu landi: Hvar eru tákn trúfesti þinnar, ó trúnaður veraldanna?
Kvöl dauðans heldur í greip sinni öllum mönnum: Hvar er ólgandi haf þíns eilífa lífs, ó líf veraldanna?
Launskrafi Satans hefur verið andað í eyra sérhverrar skepnu: Hvar er vígahnöttur elds þíns, ó ljós veraldanna?
Ölvun ástríðunnar hefur afmyndað flesta menn: Hvar eru dagsbrúnir hreinleika þíns, ó þrá veraldanna?
Þú lítur þennan rangtleikna hjúpaðan áþján meðal Sýrlendinga: Hvar er ljómi dagseldingar þinnar, ó ljós veraldanna?

—Þú sérð mér varnað máls: Hvaðan munu þá berast söngvar þínir, ó næturgali veraldanna?
Flestir menn eru huldir blæjum hégóma og fánýtra ímyndana. Hvar eru málsvarar vissu þinnar, ó fullvissa veraldanna?
Bahá er að drukknun komin í hafi þrenginganna: Hvar er lausnarörk þín, ó lausnari veraldanna?
Þú sérð dagselding orða þinna í svartnætti sköpunarinnar: Hvar er sólin á himni náðar þinnar, ó þú, sem upplýsir veraldirnar?
Lampar sannleika og hreinleika, heiðurs og hollustu, hafa verið slökktir: Hvar eru jartein hefnandi reiði þinnar, ó þú, sem hrærir veraldirnar?
Sérð þú nokkurn sem lagt hefur sjálfi þínu lið eða hugleiðir hlutskipti hans á vegi ástar þinnar? Nú stöðvast penni minn, ó ástvinur veraldanna.
Greinar hins himneska lótusviðar liggja brotnar fyrir forlagabyljum: Hvar eru fánar fulltingis þíns, ó kappi veraldanna?
Þessi ásjóna er hulin dusti illmælginnar: Hvar er andblær meðaumkvunar þinnar, ó miskunn veraldanna?
Hinir svikulu hafa saurgað kyrtil helgunarinnar: Hvar er skrúði heilagleika þíns, ó þú, sem skrýðir veraldirnar?
Miskunnsemdanna haf hefur hljóðnað sakir þess sem hendur mannanna hafa gert: Hvar eru öldur örlætis þíns, ó þrá veraldanna?
Kúgun óvina þinna hefur læst dyrunum að hinni guðdómlegu návist: Hvar er lykill gjafa þinna, ó þú, sem opnar veraldirnar?
Laufin hafa sölnað fyrir eitruðum gjósti undirróðurs: Hvar er úrhellið úr skýjum gjafmildi þinnar, ó gjafari veraldanna?
Alheimurinn hefur myrkvast af dusti syndarinnar: Hvar er andvari fyrirgefningar þinnar, ó fyrirgefandi veraldanna?
Þessi æskumaður er einmana í auðnarlandi: Hvar er regn himneskrar náðar þinnar, ó veitandi veraldanna?
Ó æðsti penni, frá ríkinu eilífa höfum vér heyrt ljúfast ákall þitt: Ljá eyra því sem tunga tignarinnar mælir, ó rangtleikni veraldanna!
Ef eigi væri kuldinn hvernig fengi hiti orða þinna sigrað, ó skýrandi veraldanna?
Ef eigi væri ógæfan, hvernig gæti sól þrautseigju þinnar skinið, ó ljós veraldanna?
Kveina eigi vegna hinna syndugu, þú varst skapaður til að þola og standast, ó þolgæði veraldanna.
Hve ljúf var dögun þín á sjónarrönd sáttmálans meðal undirróðursmannanna og þrá þín eftir Guði, ó ást veraldanna.
Vegna þín var merki sjálfstæðisins reist á hæstu tindum og haf örlætisins brimaði, ó sæla veraldanna.
Sakir einsemdar þinnar skein sól einleikans og sakir útlegðar þinnar skrýddist land einingarinnar. Ver þolinmóður, ó þú útlagi í veröldunum.
Vér höfum gert læginguna að dýrðarklæðum og þjáninguna að skarti musteris þíns, ó stolt veraldanna.
Þú lítur hjörtun full af hatri og þitt er að umbera, ó þú, sem hylur syndir veraldanna.
Þegar sverðin glampa, gakk áfram! Þegar spjótin fljúga, sæk fram! Ó þú fórn veraldanna.
Kveinar þú, eða á ég að kveina? Fremur skyldi ég gráta fæð kappa þinna, ó þú sem veraldirnar kveina yfir.
Vissulega hef ég heyrt kall þitt, ó aldýrlegi ástvinur; og nú brennur ásjóna Bahá af hita þjáninganna og eldi skínandi orðs þíns og hann hefur risið upp í trúfesti á fórnarstaðnum og leitar velþóknunar þinnar, ó yfirbjóðandi veraldanna.
Ó Alí-Akbar, þakka þú Drottni þínum fyrir þessa töflu, sem ber þér ilm auðmýktar minnar, og vit hvað fallið hefur oss í skaut á vegi Guðs, hins dásamaða allra veraldanna.
Ef allir þjónarnir lesa og hugleiða þetta, verður glæddur eldur í æðum þeirra, sem tendra mun bál í veröldunum.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00238 (Confidence: 60%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Light and glory, greeting and praise be upon the Hands of His Cause, through whom the light of fortitude hath shone forth and the truth hath been established that the authority to choose rests with God, the Powerful, the Mighty, the Unconstrained, through whom the ocean of bounty hath surged and the fragrance of the gracious favors of God, the Lord of mankind, hath been diffused.  We beseech Him—exalted is He—to shield them through the power of His hosts, to protect them through the potency of His dominion, and to aid them through His indomitable strength which prevaileth over all created things.  Sovereignty is God's, the Creator of the heavens and the Lord of the Kingdom of Names.
      Last:  * Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh, Lawh-i-Dunyá (Tablet of the World)

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[577] Prayer UUID: 0c02233c-f7b3-4efb-bdd0-5f82229a3f1e

FULL TEXT (it):
Preghiera da dirsi alla fine della seduta dell’As-semblea Spirituale.

O Dio! O Dio! Dal Regno invisibile della Tua unicità guardaci raccolti in questa riunione spirituale, credenti in Te, fiduciosi nei Tuoi segni, fermi nel Tuo Patto e Testamento, attratti verso di Te, accesi dal fuoco del Tuo amore e sinceri nella Tua Causa. Siamo servi della Tua vigna, diffondiamo la Tua religione, siamo devoti adoratori del Tuo sembiante, umili verso i Tuoi amati, sottomessi dinanzi alla Tua porta e T’imploriamo di confermarci nel servire i Tuoi prescelti, di sostenerci con le Tue schiere invisibili, di rafforzare i nostri lombi al Tuo servizio e di renderci sudditi docili e adoranti in comunione con Te.
O nostro Signore! Noi siamo deboli e Tu sei il Forte, il Potente. Noi siamo morti e Tu sei il grande Spirito datore di vita. Noi siamo bisognosi e Tu sei il Sostenitore, il Potente.
O nostro Signore! Volgi i nostri visi verso il Tuo sembiante misericordioso, alimentaci dalla Tua mensa celeste con la Tua abbondante grazia, assistici con gli eserciti dei Tuoi angeli supremi e confermaci per mezzo dei santi del Regno di Abhá.
In verità, Tu sei il Generoso, il Misericordioso. Tu sei il Possessore di grande munificenza e, in verità, Tu sei il Clemente e il Benigno.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB08704NEW (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Bless Thou, O King of Kings, the city of New York!  Cause the friends there to be kind to one another.  Purify their souls and make their hearts to be free and detached.  Illumine the world of their consciousness.  Exhilarate their spirits and bestow celestial power and confirmation upon them.  Establish there a heavenly realm, so that the City of Baha may prosper and New York be favoured with blessings from the Abha Kingdom, that this region may become like the all-highest Paradise, may develop into a vineyard of God and be transformed into a heavenly orchard and a spiritual rose garden.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[578] Prayer UUID: 1905eea9c4fd

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB05167 (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou knowest, O God, and art my witness that I have no desire in my heart save to attain Thy good pleasure, to be confirmed in servitude unto Thee, to consecrate myself in Thy service, to labor in Thy great vineyard and to sacrifice all in Thy path.  Thou art the All-Knowing and the All-Seeing.  I have no wish save to turn my steps, in my love for Thee, towards the mountains and the deserts to loudly proclaim the advent of Thy Kingdom, and to raise Thy call amidst all men.  O God! Open Thou the way for this helpless one, grant Thou the remedy to this ailing one and bestow Thy healing upon this afflicted one.  With burning heart and tearful eyes I supplicate Thee at Thy Threshold.
      Last:  O God!  Protect me from tests.  Thou knowest full well that I have turned away from all things and freed myself of all thoughts.  I have no occupation save mention of Thee and no aspiration save serving Thee.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[580] Prayer UUID: 223986cc10cb

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00374 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Vouchsafe unto me, O my God, the full measure of Thy love and Thy good-pleasure, and through the attractions of Thy resplendent light enrapture our hearts, O Thou Who art the Supreme Evidence and the All-Glorified.  Send down upon me, as a token of Thy grace, Thy vitalizing breezes, throughout the daytime and in the night season, O Lord of bounty.
      Last:  Indeed shouldst Thou desire to confer blessing upon a servant Thou wouldst blot out from the realm of his heart every mention or disposition except Thine Own mention; and shouldst Thou ordain evil for a servant by reason of that which his hands have unjustly wrought before Thy face, Thou wouldst test him with the benefits of this world and of the next that he might become preoccupied therewith and forget Thy remembrance.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[581] Prayer UUID: 269e699e2522

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00002MEN (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O God.  How can I make mention of Thee while Thou art sanctified from the praise of all mankind.  Magnified be Thy Name, O God, Thou art the King, the Eternal Truth; Thou knowest what is in the heavens and on the earth, and unto Thee must all return.  Thou hast sent down Thy divinely ordained Revelation according to a clear measure.  Praised art Thou, O Lord!  At Thy behest Thou dost render victorious whomsoever Thou willest, through the hosts of heaven and earth and whatsoever existeth between them.  Thou art the Sovereign, the Eternal Truth, the Lord of invincible might.
      Last:  Glorified art Thou, O Lord!  Thou forgivest at all times the sins of such among Thy servants as implore Thy pardon.  Wash away my sins and the sins of those who seek Thy forgiveness at dawn, who pray to Thee in the daytime and in the night season, who yearn after naught save God, who offer up whatsoever God hath graciously bestowed upon them, who celebrate Thy praise at morn and eventide, and who are not remiss in their duties.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[583] Prayer UUID: 2d4829c6b947

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00314HOR (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  From the horizon of detachment Thou hast manifested souls that, even as the shining moon, shed radiance upon the realm of heart and soul, rid themselves from the attributes of the world of existence and hastened forth unto the kingdom of immortality.  With a drop from the ocean of Thy loving-kindness Thou didst oft-times moisten the gardens of their hearts until they gained incomparable freshness and beauty.  The holy fragrance of Thy divine unity was diffused far and wide, shedding its sweet savors over the entire world, causing the regions of the earth to be redolent with perfume.
      Last:  O Thou kind Lord!  Grant that this youth may attain unto that which is the highest aspiration of the holy ones.  Endow him with the wings of Thy strengthening grace—wings of detachment and divine aid—that he may soar thereby into the atmosphere of Thy tender mercy, be able to partake of Thy celestial bestowals, may become a sign of divine guidance and a standard of the Concourse on high.  Thou art the Potent, the Powerful, the Seeing, the Hearing.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[584] Prayer UUID: 3d53364516f5

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[587] Prayer UUID: 755d0b451a65

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00154FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The Kitáb-i-Aqdas states: “We have commanded you to pray and fast from the beginning of maturity [15 years]; this is ordained by God, your Lord and the Lord of your forefathers...  The traveler, the ailing, those who are with child or giving suck, are not bound by the fast... Abstain from food and drink from sunrise to sundown, and beware lest desire deprive you of this grace that is appointed in the Book.”
      Last:  Assist them, O my God, to render Thee victorious and to exalt Thy Word.  Suffer them, then, to become as hands of Thy Cause amongst Thy servants, and make them to be revealers of Thy religion and Thy signs amongst mankind, in such wise that the whole world may be filled with Thy remembrance and praise and with Thy proofs and evidences.  Thou art, verily, the All-Bounteous, the Most Exalted, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[589] Prayer UUID: d6f8846c355d

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [2] BH08264 (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  Thou hearest Thine ardent lovers lamenting in their separation from Thee, and such as have recognized Thee wailing because of their remoteness from Thy presence.  Open Thou outwardly to their faces, O my Lord, the gates of Thy grace, that they may enter them by Thy leave and in conformity with Thy will, and may stand before the throne of Thy majesty, and catch the accents of Thy voice, and be illumined with the splendors of the light of Thy face.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [3] AB00687SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou, my God, Who guidest the seeker to the pathway that leadeth aright, Who deliverest the lost and blinded soul out of the wastes of perdition, Thou Who bestowest upon the sincere great bounties and favors, Who guardest the frightened within Thine impregnable refuge, Who answerest, from Thine all-highest horizon, the cry of those who cry out unto Thee.  Praised be Thou, O my Lord!  Thou hast guided the distracted out of the death of unbelief, and hast brought those who draw nigh unto Thee to the journey's goal, and hast rejoiced the assured among Thy servants by granting them their most cherished desires, and hast, from Thy Kingdom of beauty, opened before the faces of those who yearn after Thee the gates of reunion, and hast rescued them from the fires of deprivation and loss—so that they hastened unto Thee and gained Thy presence, and arrived at Thy welcoming door, and received of gifts an abundant share.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Ever-Giving, the Precious, the Most Bountiful.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Exalted, the Victorious.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[590] Prayer UUID: e3563513231d

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00094WEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let whosoever travels to different parts to teach, peruse over mountain, desert, land and sea this supplication.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Most Merciful of the merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________


═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
LANGUAGE: KY
═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[591] Prayer UUID: 

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (26 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [2] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [3] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [4] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

  [5] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [6] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [7] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [8] BHU0004SUF (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God is sufficient unto me; He verily is the All-sufficing! In Him let the trusting trust.

  [9] AB09794CHI (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  I am a child; enable me to grow beneath the shadow of Thy loving-kindness.  I am a tender plant; cause me to be nurtured through the outpourings of the clouds of Thy bounty.  I am a sapling of the garden of love; make me into a fruitful tree.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Loving, the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

  [10] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [11] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [12] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [13] BH08604 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Whose nearness is my wish, Whose presence is my hope, Whose remembrance is my desire, Whose court of glory is my goal, Whose abode is my aim, Whose name is my healing, Whose love is the radiance of my heart, Whose service is my highest aspiration!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou hast enabled them that have recognized Thee to soar to the sublimest heights of the knowledge of Thee and empowered such as devoutly worship Thee to ascend into the precincts of the court of Thy holy favors, to aid me to turn my face towards Thy face, to fix mine eyes upon Thee, and to speak of Thy glory.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the God of Power, the Help in Peril, the All-Glorious, the Almighty.

  [14] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [15] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [16] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [17] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [18] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [19] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [20] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [21] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [22] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [23] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [24] BB00630 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Thou art the Remover of every anguish and the Dispeller of every affliction.  Thou art He Who banisheth every sorrow and setteth free every slave, the Redeemer of every soul.  O Lord!  Grant deliverance through Thy mercy, and reckon me among such servants of Thine as have gained salvation.

  [25] BH08852 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  One of Thy handmaidens, who hath believed in Thee and in Thy signs, hath entered beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness.  Give her to quaff, O my God, by Thy Name, the Manifest and the Hidden, of Thy choice sealed Wine that it may take her away from her own self, and make her to be entirely devoted to Thy remembrance, and wholly detached from any one beside Thee.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, the God of knowledge and wisdom.

  [26] BH10688 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  I have set out from my home, holding fast unto the cord of Thy love, and I have committed myself wholly to Thy care and Thy protection.  I entreat Thee by Thy power through which Thou didst protect Thy loved ones from the wayward and the perverse, and from every contumacious oppressor, and every wicked doer who hath strayed far from Thee, to keep me safe by Thy bounty and Thy grace.  Enable me, then, to return to my home by Thy power and Thy might.  Thou art, truly, the Almighty, the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[592] Prayer UUID: 01365e00-1c5c-4d2f-87be-978ba4909922

FULL TEXT (ky):
Au a duri cake e na mataka e daidai e na Nomuni loloma, O i Kemuni na noqu Kalou, ka u a biuta na noqu vale e na noqu vakabauti Kemuni e na vu ni yaloqu taucoko, ka soli au tu ki na Nomuni veitaqomaki. Mo ni solia sobu, mada mai, vei au, mai na lomalagi ni Nomuni yalololoma, e dua na i votavota ni veivakalougatataki sa mai vei Kemuni, ka vukei au me u na lesu tale ki vale e na bula vinaka me vaka ga na Nomuni a tuberi au yani e na Nomuni veimaroroi ka sa dei tu ga kina na vakanananu ni lomaqu vei Kemuni.

Sa sega tale ni dua na Kalou Oi Kemuni ga, na Duabau, O Koya e Sega ni Vakatautauvatataki rawa, na Vu ni Kilaka, na Vu ni Vuku.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

  [2] BH10688 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  I have set out from my home, holding fast unto the cord of Thy love, and I have committed myself wholly to Thy care and Thy protection.  I entreat Thee by Thy power through which Thou didst protect Thy loved ones from the wayward and the perverse, and from every contumacious oppressor, and every wicked doer who hath strayed far from Thee, to keep me safe by Thy bounty and Thy grace.  Enable me, then, to return to my home by Thy power and Thy might.  Thou art, truly, the Almighty, the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [3] BH02898MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God! I am the one who hath turned his face towards Thee and hath placed his whole reliance in Thee. I implore Thee by Thy Name whereby the ocean of Thine utterance hath surged and the breezes of Thy knowledge have stirred, to grant that I may be graciously aided to serve Thy Cause and be inspired to remember Thee and praise Thee. Send down then upon me from the heaven of Thy generosity that which will preserve me from anyone but Thee and will profit me in all Thy worlds.
      Last:  * Tablets, p. 268-269.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[593] Prayer UUID: 013887091446

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[594] Prayer UUID: 028334c5-e19c-470e-bc6c-6d743e3e7c2a

FULL TEXT (ky):
Era lewe vuqa na uto batabata, O i Kemuni na noqu Kalou, e sa vakatakatataki tu e na bukawaqa ni Nomuni cakacaka, ka lewe vuqa era mocelutu tu era sa vakayadrati e na kamikamica ni Domomuni. Sa bau lewe vica mada era sa vakasaqara na i vakaruru e na ruku ni Nomuni vunikau ni duabau, ka lewe levu vei ira na via gunu era sa vakasaqara nai vurevure ni Nomuni wai bula e na Nomuni veisiga!

Sa kalougata o koya, e sa vakanamata vei Kemuni, ka sa vakatotolo yani me yacova na Tovure ni siga ni rarama ni Kemuni iserau tabu. Sa kalougata o koya e na vu ni yalona taucoko sa vuki kina ki na i Cadracadra Tabu ni Nomuni Vakatakila kei na Uluvatu ni Nomuni veivakauqeti. Sa kalougata o koya sa vakarabailevutaka na Nomuni sala kei na veika O ni a lumuta vei ira e na Nomuni loloma kei na Nomuni veivukei. Sa kalougata o koya, e gadrevi Kemuni, ka biuta laivi na veika kece ka vakavo ga O i Kemuni. Sa kalougata o koya sa taleitaka na veikilai vakayalo kei Kemuni, ka sereki koya mai e na i vau ka vauci tu kina ki vua e dua tani tale ka vakavo ga o Kemuni.

Au masuti Kemuni, O i Kemuni na noqu Turaga, e na vuku ni Yacamuni, O Koya, e na kaukauwa ni Nomuni veiliutaki kei na qaqa, sa talave cake kina ki na vunilagi ni Nona vale ni veivesu, ka lesia ki vei ira kece ga na ka e Lomamuni kei na ka e ganita na Nomuni vakalagilagi.

Sa dina ga, na Nomuni kaukauwa, sa vakatautauvatataki kei na veika kece ga.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (5 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [3] BH05894 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I know not, O my God, what the Fire is which Thou didst kindle in Thy land.  Earth can never cloud its splendor, nor water quench its flame. All the peoples of the world are powerless to resist its force.  Great is the blessedness of him that hath drawn nigh unto it, and heard its roaring.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou art, verily, the All-Powerful, the Most Generous.

  [4] BH07180 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I yield Thee thanks for having enabled me to recognize the Manifestation of Thyself, and for having severed me from Thine enemies, and laid bare before mine eyes their misdeeds and wicked works in Thy days, and for having rid me of all attachment to them, and caused me to turn wholly towards Thy grace and bountiful favors.  I give Thee thanks, also, for having sent down upon me from the clouds of Thy will that which hath so sanctified me from the hints of the infidels and the allusions of the misbelievers that I have fixed my heart firmly on Thee, and fled from such as have denied the light of Thy countenance.  Again I thank Thee for having empowered me to be steadfast in Thy love, and to speak forth Thy praise and to extol Thy virtues, and for having given me to drink of the cup of Thy mercy that hath surpassed all things visible and invisible.
      Last:  Thou art the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the All-Loving.

  [5] BB00554 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord, my Best Beloved!  Make me steadfast in Thy Cause, and grant that I may be reckoned among those who have not violated Thy Covenant nor followed the gods of their own idle fancy.
      Last:  Grant, O my God, that I may not be reckoned among those whose ears are deaf, whose eyes are blind, whose tongues are speechless and whose hearts have failed to comprehend.  Deliver me, O Lord, from the fire of ignorance and of selfish desire, suffer me to be admitted into the precincts of Thy transcendent mercy and send down upon me that which Thou hast ordained for Thy chosen ones.  Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[595] Prayer UUID: 0644bef3-bab6-4323-bd0d-13621896826f
Name: Naw-Rúz (Baháí New Year)

FULL TEXT (ky):
# NA I MATAI NI SIGA NI DUA NA YABAKI VAKA-BAHÁ’Í
##‘NAW-RÚZ‘

 
*(Na i Matai ni Siga ni Yabaki vou Vaka-Bahá'í - ‘Naw-Rúz', o ya e na i ka 21 ni Maji, sa i koya na i matai ni siga e na i vola ni vula Vaka-Bahá'í.)

Mo ni sa vakalagilagi, O i Kemuni na noqu Kalou, ni O ni sa digitaka me siga ni soqo ni marau na i Matai ni Siga oqo (Naw-Rúz) vei ira ka ra dau vakamuria na lolo e na nodra lomani Kemuni ka vakatatabutaki ira mai na veika e tawakilikili vei Kemuni. Ni vakadonuya mada, I noqu Turaga, me vakatakatataka na nodra cakacaka e na Nomuni iNaki na bukawaqa ni Nomuni loloma kei na yameyame ni buka e vakacaudrevi e na vuku ni lolo oqo. O ni sa vakarautaka e na Nomuni veivakalagilagi kei na veivakanananu me baleti Kemuni,  Me vaka ni O ni sa vakaiukuukutaki ira, Kemuni na noqu Turaga, e na i ukuuku ni lolo O ni a vakarota, Ni vakaiukuukutaki ira tale ga e na i ukuuku ni Nomuni veiciqomi, e na vuku ni Nomuni loloma kei na Nomuni veivuke levu duadua. Na veika era vakaitavitaki ira kina na  tamata e vakatau vakatabakidua ga e na Nomuni lagilagi, ka vakataulewa tale ga kina na Nomuni ivakaro. Ke vaka O ni sa vosota rawa e dua ka voroka na lawa ni lolo me vaka ga e dua ka dau vakamuria na lolo, e na nanumi tale ga o koya e na bula tawamudu me vakataki ira ga na dau vakamuria vali mai na lolo. Ia, ke vaka O ni sa vakarota ni sa voroka na lawa ni lolo e dua e vakayacora na kena i vakarau, e sa na okati o koya me vakaduka na iSulu Vakatui ni Nomuni iVakavuvuli, ka na tosoi vakayawa tale ga mai e na wai makare ni iVurevure ni bula oqo.

Sa i Kemuni ga e na gauna sa laveti kina na Nomuni kuila, ka volai kotu kina vaka oqo, “Sa dodunu Mo ni vakacaucautaki e na vuku ni Nomuni veicakacaka" kei na kena cereki na ivakaro ka volai koto kina, “Mo ni vakarogoci O i Kemuni me vaka na Nomuni lewa.” Mo ni sa vakatakila ni Nomuni na tikotiko oqo, I noqu Kalou, vei ira na Nomuni dauveiqaravi, ka me ra kila tiko ni uasivi ni veika kece sara e vakatau ga ki na Nomuni lewa kei na Nomuni vosa, kei na yalo vosota e na veicakacaka kece e vakatau duadua ga ki na Nomuni galala kei na gagadre lagilagi ni Nomuni lewa, ka me ra raica tale ga ni vurevure ni veika e vakayacora rawa na tamata e sa tu vakatabakidua e na Nomuni veiciqomi kei na Nomuni veivakaroti. Me vakatakilai vei ira ni sega tale ni dua na ka e na vakalati ira mai na Nomuni Totoka, e na veisiga oqo ka vakadeitaka kina na Karisito ka kaya: “Na veimatanitu kece e Nomuni, O i Kemuni ka dau vakavurea na Yalo Tabu(Jisu)"; na Nomuni iTokani o (Mometa) e a kailavaka mai: ‘Me vakalagilagi tiko ga O i Kemuni, O i Kemuni na Daulomani Uasivi Duadua, e na vuku ni Nomuni vakaraitaka na Nomuni Totoka, ka vola vei ira na Nomuni tamata digitaki na veika e na vukei ira me ra yacova rawa kina na i dabedabe ki na ivakatakilakila ni Yaca Tabu Levu Duadua, me vaka era dau tagica o ira kece na tamata ka vakavo ga o ira ka ra vakanadakuya na veika kece vakavuravura ka vakararavi vakatabakidua ga vei Kemuni, ka ra vakarautaki ira tale ga vua, O Koya na Nomuni iLumuti ka Daunivakavuvuli ni Nomuni veika vinaka.’

O Koya na Tabamuni kei ira kece era dau Nomuni i tokani, O i Kemuni na noqu Turaga, era sa tinia e na siga e daidai na nodra lolo, ni oti na nodra vakamuria voli mai e na lomanibai ni Nomuni valenilewa, me vaka na nodra sasaga me ra vakayalomarautaki Kemuni. Ni lewa mada Vua, kei ira kece tale ga, era curuma rawa na Nomuni itikotiko e na veisiga sa oti oqo na veika vinaka kece O ni sa vota tu me vaka sa tu e na Nomuni iVola. Solia gona, vei ira, na veika e na vakasaututaki ira, e na bula oqo, kei na bula e sa bera mai.

Sa i Kemuni, e dina, na Vu ni Kilaka, na Vu ni Vuku.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [2] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[596] Prayer UUID: 06d7540d-c474-4019-a899-7d010c2c1888

FULL TEXT (ky):
Диний Жыйындын чогулушун жабуу учурунда окуу үчүн багышталган келме.

О, Кудай! О, Кудай! Өзүңдүн жалгыз жашаган көрүнбөгөн дүйнөңдөн, Сага ишенгендер, Сенин белгилериңе ишенүүчүлөр, Сенин Осуятыңа жана Сенин Мурасыңа туруктуулар, Сага таңданып суктангандар, Сага карата сүйүүнүн оту менен жалындагандар жана Сенин Ишиңе ак ниеттүүлөр ушул диний жолугушууга биз кандайча чогулдук, карегиңди сал. Биз-Сенин жүзүм зарыңдагы кызматчыларыбыз, Сенин ишенимиңдин жарчыларыбыз, Сенин ажарыңа бирилип таазим этишкен, Сенин сүйгөндөрүңдүн алдында моюн сунган, Сенин дарбазаңдын жанындагы багынган жана бизди Сен тарабынан тандалгандардын кызматын кылууга бекитүүнү, Сенин көзгө көрүнбөс кошуундарыңдын бизди колдоп турсун, Сага кызмат кылуудагы биздин жан дүйнөбүздү чыңдоону жана бизди тиешебиз болгон Сенин баш ийген жана сүйүнгөн жарандарыңа айлантууну жалынып-жалбарып суранышкан жарчыларыбыз.

О, биздин Теңирибиз! Биз алсызбыз, ал эми Сен болсо- Күч- кубаттуусуң жана Күчтүүсүң, Биз жансызбыз, ал эми Сен болсо-улуу жандандыруучу Рухсуң. Биз жакырчылыктабыз, алми эми Сен болсо-Берүүчүсүң, Күч-кубаттуусуң.

О, биздин Теңир! Биздин жүзүбүздү Сенин боорукер Ажарыңан бур, бизди Сенин көктөгү дасторхонуңдун мол берекеси менен тойгус, бизге Сенин бардыгынан жогорку периштелериңдин кошууну менен жардам бер жана бизге бийик Абха Падышачылыгы аркылуу ишеним жөнөт. Сен, акыйкатында, Жоомартсың, Ак көңүлдүүсүң. Сен улуу белектердин Ээсисиң, ошондой эле Сен, акыйкатыңда, Бардыгын сүйүүчүсүң жана Жакшылыксың.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[597] Prayer UUID: 07079594-122e-4be0-a45f-87248d8a1820

FULL TEXT (ky):
O Alla, Alla tiegħi! Din il-qaddejja tiegħeK qed issejjaħleK, tafda fiK, iddawwar wiċċħa lejK, titolbok biex tferrex it-tjibat smewija tiegħeK fuqha, u tikxfilha il-misteri spiritwali tiegħeK, u tifrex fuqha is-dwal tar-Ras Allija tiegħeK.

O Sid tiegħi! Agħmel li għajnejn żewġi jaraw. Ferraħlu Inti qalbu bid-dawl tal-għarfien tiegħeK, dawwarlu moħħu lejn ġmieleK middi, ferraħlu Int l-ispirtu tiegħu billi turih il-kobor ta’ dwaleK.

O Sid tiegħi ! Erfa’ Int l-istar minn quddiem ħarstu. Raxxax tjibateK kotrana fuqu, sakkru bl-inbid l-imħabba għaliK, agħmlu wieħed mill-anġli tiegħeK li riġlejhom jimxu fuq din l-art kif irwieħhom jittajru mis-smewwiet fil-għoli. Agħmel li jsir lampa middija, li tiddi bid-dawl tal-għerf tiegħeK f’nofs il-poplu tiegħeK.

Fis-sew, Int il-Għani, li Tagħti Dejjem, l-Id Miftuħa.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10492 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind lord!
      Last:  Thou art the Bestower, the All-Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[598] Prayer UUID: 0b732736-d596-41f0-b0c6-5a1fed919abf

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, Кудайым! О, Кудайым! Акыйкатында , мен Сага карай тиленем жана Сенин бардык ак көңүлдүүлүгүң ушул жандарга жөнөтүлгүдөй болсун үчүн Сенден жалынып – жалбыранып, Сенин босогоңдун жанында сыйынамын. Сенин ырайың жана акыйкат үчүн аларды ылгап ал.

О, Теңир! Жүрөктү бирге бириктирип жана байла, бардык жандардын ынтымакка баш коштур жана Сенин ыйыктыгыңдын жана Сенин бирдигиңдин жышаандырак менен ар кандай рухту жандант. О, Теңир! Ылайым, Сенин Бирдигиңдин жарыгы менен алардын жүздөрү жаркырасын. Сенин дүйнөңө кызмат кылууда Сенин кызматчыларыңдын жан дүйнөсүн чыңда.

О, Теңир, Сен-ак көңүлдүүлүктүн ээсисиң, О, кечирим жана ырайымдуулуктун Теңири! Биздин күнөөлөрүбүздү бизден кое бер, биздин кемчиликтерибизди кечир жана Сенин сыйынуучу жайыңдын алдында моюн сунгандарды жана Сенин күбөлөрңдүн даңкы алдында багынгандарды күч-кубаттын жана күчтөрдүн тургундарына карай биз үндөй алгыдай болсун үчүн Сенин ырайымдуулугуңдун дүйнөсүнө карай кайрылууга бизди ылайык , көр.

О, Кудай,Теңирим! Бизди Сенин сүйүүңдү белеги аркылуу бирдикте жана ынтымакта болуучуларга деңиз толкундары жана бакчанын гүлдөру сыяктуу жаса. О, Теңирим! Сенин бирдигиңдин белгилери менен жүрөктү кубант жана бардык адамзатты даңктын жалгыз бийиктигинен жаркыраган жылдыздарга,ошондой эле Сенин жашоо дарагыңда өсүүчү эң сонун жемищтерине окшот. Сен, акыйкатында, Бардыгынан күч-кубаттуусун Өзү жаралгансың, Сый-корсуң, Кечиримдүү сүң, С үйк үмдүүсүң, Бирдикт үү Жаратуучусуң.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [3] BH07180 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I yield Thee thanks for having enabled me to recognize the Manifestation of Thyself, and for having severed me from Thine enemies, and laid bare before mine eyes their misdeeds and wicked works in Thy days, and for having rid me of all attachment to them, and caused me to turn wholly towards Thy grace and bountiful favors.  I give Thee thanks, also, for having sent down upon me from the clouds of Thy will that which hath so sanctified me from the hints of the infidels and the allusions of the misbelievers that I have fixed my heart firmly on Thee, and fled from such as have denied the light of Thy countenance.  Again I thank Thee for having empowered me to be steadfast in Thy love, and to speak forth Thy praise and to extol Thy virtues, and for having given me to drink of the cup of Thy mercy that hath surpassed all things visible and invisible.
      Last:  Thou art the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the All-Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[599] Prayer UUID: 0b9c6ee8-e115-4366-90dc-dd15028cb7f9

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, Теңир! Ушул жаш жаратылышты жарык менен орунда жана ушул алсыз жанды Сенин жоомарттыгың менен сыйла. Ага билим энчиле, ар бир күндүн шоокумунда анын күчүнө күч кош жана ал адашуулардан бошонсун, өзүн Сенин Ишиңе арнасын, адашкандарды жолго салсын, бактысыздарды жетелесин, кул болгондорду куткарсын жана кош көңүлдөрдү ойготсун үчүн, ар ким Сени эске алуу жана мактоо менен бата алсын үчүн аны Сенин коргооңдун жашынар жайында сакта.

Сен Күч-кубаттуусуң жана Күчтүүсүң.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10685 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou most glorious Lord!  Make this little maidservant of Thine blessed and happy; cause her to be cherished at the threshold of Thy oneness, and let her drink deep from the cup of Thy love so that she may be filled with rapture and ecstasy and diffuse sweet-scented fragrance.  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[602] Prayer UUID: 0e0c264e-2714-48fc-a9aa-4ed6462d92e0

FULL TEXT (ky):
* E volai e na i Vola Tabu ni Lawa (Na Kitab-i-Aqdas): “Keimami sa vakaroti kemuni mo ni masu ka lolo e na gauna e dodonu mo ni sa yalomatua kina (yabaki 15); oqo e sa vakarota na Kalou, na nomu Kalou ka nodra Kalou na nomuni qase.... O ira era lako e na dua na i lakolako yawa, o ira na tauvimate, o ira na vakasucu kei ira na tiko bibi era sega ni okati e na lolo.... Mo kakua ni kana se gunu, mai na cadra ni matanisiga me yacova ni sa dromu, ka qarauna mo kakua ni rawai e na veivakatovolei ni gagadre ni yalomu ka vakaleqa na veivakalougatataki e sa virikotori tu e na iVolatabu oqo."

* Na gauna ni Lolo e dau tekivu e na i ka 2 ni Maji ka cava e na i ka 20 ni Maji.

 
Au masuti Kemuni, I noqu Kalou, e na Nomuni iVakatakilakila kaukauwa, kei nai vakaraitaki ni Nomuni veiyalayalati loloma e na kedra maliwa na tamata, me kakua ni u wiliki tani mai na matamata ni koro ni tiko veivolekati kei Kemuni, ka me u kakua ni vakamalumalumutaki e na vakanuinui au a virikotora tu me baleta na ivakatakilakila ni Nomuni dauloloma e na kedra maliwa na Nomuni ibulibuli. Ni raici au mai, I noqu Kalou, ni u sa tautauri matua tiko ki na Yacamuni, na Ka Tabu Duadua, na Ka Serau Duadua, na Ka kaukauwa Duadua, na Ka Uasivi Duadua, na Ka Vakacerecerei Duadua, na Ka Lagilagi Duadua, ka u tatakube tale tiko ga e na bele ni sulu ka ra kubeta tiko o ira kece era tiko e na vuravura oqo kei na vuravura sa bera mai.

 
Au masuti Kemuni, I noqu Kalou, e na rogo kamikamica duadua ni Domomuni kei na Nomuni Vosa vakacerecerei duadua me kauti au mada vakavoleka ki na katuba ni Nomuni i tikotiko tabu, ka me u kakua ni vakalolomataki e na noqu kau tani vakayawa mai e na yaloyalo ni Nomuni veivosoti kei na veivakarurugi ni Nomuni loloma soli wale. Ni raici au mai, I noqu Kalou, ni u sa tautauri matua tiko ki na Yacamuni, na Ka Tabu Duadua, na Ka Serau Duadua, na Ka kaukauwa Duadua, na Ka Uasivi Duadua, na Ka Vakacerecerei Duadua, na Ka Lagilagi Duadua, ka u tatakube tale tiko ga e na bele ni sulu ka ra kubeta tiko o ira kece era tiko e na vuravura oqo kei na vuravura sa bera mai.

 
Au masuti Kemuni, I noqu Kalou, e na lagilagi kei na serau ni bekabeka ni Matamuni kei na rarama ni Nomuni tutu lagilagi, ka cila sobu mai e na lomalagi e cake sara, ka me vakayarayarataki au yani e na i boi talei ni Nomuni ukuuku, ka vakavuna me u gunu e na waini digitaki ni Nomuni sakisaki. Ni raici au mai, I noqu Kalou, ni u sa tautauri matua tiko ki na Yacamuni, na Ka Tabu Duadua, na Ka Serau Duadua, na Ka kaukauwa Duadua, na Ka Uasivi Duadua, na Ka Vakacerecerei Duadua, na Ka Lagilagi Duadua, ka u tatakube tale tiko ga e na bele ni sulu ka ra kubeta tiko o ira kece era tiko e na vuravura oqo kei na vuravura sa bera mai.

 
Au masuti Kemuni, I noqu Kalou, e na drau ni Ulumuni ka liwa baleta koto na Matamuni, me vaka kina na kena toso baleta na Nomuni peni uasivi e na vei draunipepa ni Nomuni iVola Tabu, me tabonaka kina na i balebale vuni e na kedra maliwa na veimatanitu ni Nomuni ibulibuli, ka me laveti au me u qarava rawa kina na Nomuni Cakacaka, ia me u kakua ni bale i muri, se me u vakaleqai e na nodra veivakacacani o ira ka ra dau vosa vakacacataka na Nomuni veivakatakilakila ka ra dau vuki tani tale ga e Matamuni. Ni raici au mai, I noqu Kalou, ni u sa tautauri matua tiko ki na Yacamuni, na Ka Tabu Duadua, na Ka Serau Duadua, na Ka kaukauwa Duadua, na Ka Uasivi Duadua, na Ka Vakacerecerei Duadua, na Ka Lagilagi Duadua, ka u tatakube tale tiko ga e na bele ni sulu ka ra kubeta tiko o ira kece era tiko e na vuravura oqo kei na vuravura sa bera mai.

 
Au masuti Kemuni, I noqu Kalou, e na vuku ni Yacamuni O ni a bulia me Tui ni Veiyaca kece, ka me ra vakamarautaki kina o ira kece era tiko mai lomalagi kei ira kece era tiko e vuravura, me rawa kina vei au me u vakanamata yani ki na i Vola Siga ni Nomuni iUkuuku, ka Mo ni solia vei au na waini ni Nomuni sakisaki. Ni raici au mai, I noqu Kalou, ni u sa tautauri matua tiko ki na Yacamuni, na Ka Tabu Duadua, na Ka Serau Duadua, na Ka kaukauwa Duadua, na Ka Uasivi Duadua, na Ka Vakacerecerei Duadua, na Ka Lagilagi Duadua, ka u tatakube tale tiko ga e na bele ni sulu ka ra kubeta tiko o ira kece era tiko e na vuravura oqo kei na vuravura sa bera mai.

 
Au masuti Kemuni, I noqu Kalou, e na vuku ni Vale Tabu e na Nomuni itutu vakaturaga o koya sa serauna tu na delana cecekia duadua, kei na doka ni Vale veivakarurugi ni Nomuni Veivakatakila e na dela ni veidelana cecekia duadua, me na vukei au vakavinaka sara e na kena vakayacori na veika sa lewai mai me vaka na Lomamuni kei na Nomuni inaki me vaka O ni a vakatakila. Ni raici au mai, I noqu Kalou, ni u sa tautauri matua tiko ki na Yacamuni, na Ka Tabu Duadua, na Ka Serau Duadua, na Ka kaukauwa Duadua, na Ka Uasivi Duadua, na Ka Vakacerecerei Duadua, na Ka Lagilagi Duadua, ka u tatakube tale tiko ga e na bele ni sulu ka ra kubeta tiko o ira kece era tiko e na vuravura oqo kei na vuravura sa bera mai.

 
Au masuti Kemuni, I noqu kalou, e na vuku ni Nomuni Totoka e na kena serauna tu na delana ni bula tawamudu, na i serau ka vakavuna me cuva sobu kina e na vakamamasu na veidelana cecere duadua, ka vakalagilagi e na domo ni lali rogo vinaka, me rawa kina ni ka wale vei au na veika kece au taukena, ia me u bula ga e na veika kece sa mai vei Kemuni. Ni raici au mai, I noqu Kalou, ni u sa tautauri matua tiko ki na Yacamuni, na Ka Tabu Duadua, na Ka Serau Duadua, na Ka kaukauwa Duadua, na Ka Uasivi Duadua, na Ka Vakacerecerei Duadua, na Ka Lagilagi Duadua, ka u tatakube tale tiko ga e na bele ni sulu ka ra kubeta tiko o ira e na vuravura oqo kei na vuravura sa bera mai.

 
Au masuti Kemuni, I noqu Kalou, e na vukudra na iLumuti ni Yacamuni, na Daulomani Duadua ga, e na vuku i Koya e sa vakatakatataki kina na utodra na Nomuni daulomani ka laveti cake tale ga kina na yalodra kece sara na tiko e na vuravura oqo, ka me vukei au gona kina me u nanumi Kemuni e na kedra maliwa na Nomuni i bulibuli,ka me u vakalagilagi Kemuni e na kedra maliwa na Nomuni tamata. Ni raici au mai, I noqu Kalou, ni u sa tautauri matua tiko ki na Yacamuni, na Ka Tabu Duadua, na Ka Serau Duadua, na Ka kaukauwa Duadua, na Ka Uasivi Duadua, na Ka Vakacerecerei Duadua, na Ka Lagilagi Duadua, ka’u tatakube tale tiko ga e na bele ni sulu ka ra kubeta tiko o ira kece era tiko e na vuravura oqo kei na vuravura sa bera mai.

 
Au masuti Kemuni, I noqu Kalou, e na yavavala ni Nomuni Vuni Lote Tabu vakayalo kei na rogo malumu ni domo ni cagi ni Nomuni vosa mai na matanitu ni Veiyacamuni e vuqa, ka me kauti au vakayawa mai na veika sa sega ni lomamuni, ka me kauti au vakavoleka ga ki nai tikotiko sa serau tu mai kina o Koya na Tovure ni Siga ni Nomuni veivakatakilakila. Ni raici au mai, I noqu Kalou, ni u sa tautauri matua tiko ki na Yacamuni, na Ka Tabu Duadua, na Ka Serau Duadua, na Ka kaukauwa Duadua, na Ka Uasivi Duadua, na Ka Vakacerecerei Duadua, na Ka Lagilagi Duadua, ka u tatakube tale tiko ga e na bele ni sulu ka ra kubeta tiko o ira kece era tiko e na vuravura oqo kei na vuravura sa bera mai.

 
Au masuti Kemuni, I noqu Kalou, e na vuku ni iVola,o koya e na gauna vata ga e vosataki mai kina e na lewa ni Gusumuni, e vakavuna me tubu cake na wasawasa, kei na cagi me mudre mai, na vuanikau me vua vinaka mai, kei na vunikau me tutubu mai vakayauyau, kei na veika makawa kece me takali yani, kei na vei ubi kece me luvati tani, kei ira kece era soli ira vakatabakidua yani vei Kemuni, me ra gole yani ki na rarama ni veivakauqeti ni nudra Turaga, na Dauveivukei, ka me vakaraitaka vei au na ka e vuni koto e na Nomuni iyau talei ni kilaka ka taqomaki au tu e na lomanibai ni Nomuni vuku. Ni raici au mai, I noqu Kalou, ni u sa tautauri matua tiko ki na Yacamuni, na Ka Tabu Duadua, na Ka Serau Duadua, na Ka kaukauwa Duadua, na Ka Uasivi Duadua, na Ka Vakacerecerei Duadua, na Ka Lagilagi Duadua, ka u tatakube tale tiko ga e na bele ni sulu ka ra kubeta tiko o ira kece era tiko e na vuravura oqo kei na vuravura sa bera mai.

 
Au masuti Kemuni, I noqu Kalou, e na vuku ni katakata ka vakavuna me ra yadra mai kina o ira era Nomuni tamata digitaki ka Nomuni daulomani, kei na nodra veinanumi kei na veivakacaucautaki e na kida ni mataka caca, me ra wiliki au vata kei ira era sa rawata na veika O ni virikotora e na Nomuni iVola Tabu ka vakaraitaki mai e na Nomuni lewa. Ni raici au mai, ni u sa tautauri matua tiko ki na Yacamuni, na Ka Tabu Duadua, na Ka Serau Duadua, na Ka kaukauwa Duadua, na Ka Uasivi Duadua, na Ka Vakacerecerei Duadua, na Ka Lagilagi Duadua, ka u tatakube tale tiko ga e na bele ni sulu ka ra kubeta tiko o ira kece era tiko e na vuravura oqo kei na vuravura sa bera mai.

 
Au masuti Kemuni, I noqu Kalou, e na vuku ni rarama ni Matamuni o koya ka vakauqeti ira era  yawa yani vei Kemuni me ra sotava na matanimoto ni Nomuni Lewa uasivi, kei ira era sa dina vei Kemuni me ra sotava na nodra i seleiwau na Nomuni meca e na Nomuni sala, ka Mo ni vola mai vei au e na Nomuni Peni rokovi duadua na ka O ni sa vola me baleti ira na Nomuni tamata nuitaki kei ira na Nomuni tamata digitaki. Ni raici au mai, I noqu Kalou, ni u sa tautauri matua tiko ki na Yacamuni, na ka Tabu Duadua, na Ka Serau Duadua, na Ka kaukauwa Duadua, na Ka Uasivi Duadua, na Ka Vakacerecerei Duadua, na Ka Lagilagi Duadua, ka u tatakube tale tiko ga e na bele ni sulu ka ra kubeta tiko o ira kece era tiko e na vuravura oqo kei na vuravura sa bera mai.

 
Au masuti Kemuni, I noqu Kalou, e na vuku ni Yacamuni ka O ni sa dau vakarogoya mai kina na nodra kaci na dau taleitaki Kemuni, kei na nodra vuturi o ira era dau gadrevi Kemuni, kei na nodra tagi o ira era dau marautaka na tiko veivolekati kei Kemuni, kei na nodra kudru o ira era sa dina vei Kemuni, me vaka ni O ni sa vakayacora na veika era gadreva tu o ira era sa dau vakanuinui vakatabakidua vei Kemuni, ka ni O ni sa yalataka vei ira na ka era gadreva, e na vuku ga ni Nomuni loloma uasivi kei na Nomuni veivuke, kei na vuku ni Yacamuni e na loma ni wasawasa ni veivosoti e ua baleta yani na Matamuni, kei na o ni Nomuni loloma ka sobuti ira na Nomuni dauveiqaravi, me volai vakayadua kina vei ira era sa vuki yani vei Kemuni, ka ra vakamuria na lolo O ni a virikotora, me saumi kina na nodra cakacaka o ira era sega ni vosa rawa vakavo ga e na Nomuni veitawasei kei ira, ka ra biuta laivi na veika vakavuravura era taukena e na nodra sala vei Kemuni kei na nodra Iomani Kemuni.
 
Au masuti Kemuni, I noqu Kalou, e na Vukumuni kei na vuku ni Nomuni vakatakilakila, kei na Nomuni veivukei dina, kei na i serau ramase ni iVola Siga ni Nomuni iUkuuku, kei na Nomuni Veitabanikau Tabu, me ra vosoti mada kina o ira era sa taura matua tu na Nomuni lawa, ka vakamuria vakadodonu na ka O ni sa vakarautaka vei ira e na Nomuni iVola. Ni raici au mai, I noqu Kalou, ni u sa tautauri matua tiko ki na Yacamuni, na Ka Tabu Duadua, na Ka Serau Duadua, na Ka kaukauwa Duadua, na Ka Uasivi Duadua, na Ka Vakacerecerei Duadua, na Ka Lagilagi Duadua, ka u tatakube tale tiko ga e na bele ni sulu ka ra kubeta tiko o ira kece sara era tiko e na vuravura oqo kei na vuravura sa bera mai.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (8 options):

  [1] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [2] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [3] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [4] BH00154FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The Kitáb-i-Aqdas states: “We have commanded you to pray and fast from the beginning of maturity [15 years]; this is ordained by God, your Lord and the Lord of your forefathers...  The traveler, the ailing, those who are with child or giving suck, are not bound by the fast... Abstain from food and drink from sunrise to sundown, and beware lest desire deprive you of this grace that is appointed in the Book.”
      Last:  Assist them, O my God, to render Thee victorious and to exalt Thy Word.  Suffer them, then, to become as hands of Thy Cause amongst Thy servants, and make them to be revealers of Thy religion and Thy signs amongst mankind, in such wise that the whole world may be filled with Thy remembrance and praise and with Thy proofs and evidences.  Thou art, verily, the All-Bounteous, the Most Exalted, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Merciful.

  [5] AB00787SPL (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, O Thou Who hast cast Thy splendor over the luminous realities of men, shedding upon them the resplendent lights of knowledge and guidance, and hast chosen them out of all created things for this supernal grace, and hast caused them to encompass all things, to understand their inmost essence, and to disclose their mysteries, bringing them forth out of darkness into the visible world! “He verily showeth His special mercy to whomsoever He will.”¹
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 55:19-22.

  [6] BH03181 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Bestower, the Bounteous!
      Last:  And when He desired to manifest grace and beneficence to men, and to set the world in order, He revealed observances and created laws; among them He established the law of marriage, made it as a fortress for well-being and salvation, and enjoined it upon us in that which was sent down out of the heaven of sanctity in His Most Holy Book.  He saith, great is His glory: “Enter into wedlock, O people, that ye may bring forth one who will make mention of me amid My servants.  This is My bidding unto you; hold fast to it as an assistance to yourselves.”

  [7] AB00687SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou, my God, Who guidest the seeker to the pathway that leadeth aright, Who deliverest the lost and blinded soul out of the wastes of perdition, Thou Who bestowest upon the sincere great bounties and favors, Who guardest the frightened within Thine impregnable refuge, Who answerest, from Thine all-highest horizon, the cry of those who cry out unto Thee.  Praised be Thou, O my Lord!  Thou hast guided the distracted out of the death of unbelief, and hast brought those who draw nigh unto Thee to the journey's goal, and hast rejoiced the assured among Thy servants by granting them their most cherished desires, and hast, from Thy Kingdom of beauty, opened before the faces of those who yearn after Thee the gates of reunion, and hast rescued them from the fires of deprivation and loss—so that they hastened unto Thee and gained Thy presence, and arrived at Thy welcoming door, and received of gifts an abundant share.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Ever-Giving, the Precious, the Most Bountiful.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Exalted, the Victorious.

  [8] BH02307 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *(This Tablet is read at the Shrines of Bahá’u’lláh and the Báb. It is also frequently used in commemorating Their anniversaries.)
      Last:  Bless Thou, O Lord my God, the Divine Lote-Tree and its leaves, and its boughs, and its branches, and its stems, and its offshoots, as long as Thy most excellent titles will endure and Thy most august attributes will last.  Protect it, then, from the mischief of the aggressor and the hosts of tyranny.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.  Bless Thou, also, O Lord my God, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens who have attained unto Thee.  Thou, truly, art the All-Bountiful, Whose grace is infinite.  No God is there save Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[603] Prayer UUID: 110cd402-72aa-42c4-b68b-999f1dcdb888

FULL TEXT (ky):
## IT-TAVLA TA’ AḤMAD 

*“Dan it-talb obbligatorju ta’ kuljum, flimkien ma’ xi talbiet oħra speċifiċi, bħat-Talba għall-Fejqan, it-Tavla ta’ Aḥmad, ġie mogħni minn Bahá’u’lláh b’qawwa u sinjifikat speċjali, u għalhekk għandu jkun milqugħ bħala tali u jkun reċitat mill-aderenti b’fidi u fiduċja sħiħa, biex permezz tiegħu huma jidħlu f’kommunjoni eqreb ma’ Alla, u jidentifikaw lilhom infushom b’aktar sħuħija mal-liġijiet u l-preċetti tiegħU.” – Minn ittra miktuba għal Shoghi Effendi.

Huwa is-Sultan, li Jaf Kollox, il-Għaref!

Hekk, l-Użinjol tal-Ġenna jgħanni fuq il-friegħi tas-Siġra tal-Eternità, b’għanjiet imqaddsa u ħlejja, ixandar lis-sinċieri l-aħbarijiet ta’ qarbien Alla, isejjaħ lil dawk li jemmnu fl-Għaqda Divina lejn il-qorti tal-Preżenza tal-Ġeneruż, igħarraf lil dawk maqtugħa barra bil-messaġġ li kien mikxuf minn Alla, is-Sultan, il-Glorjuż, li M’Hawnx Bħalu, imexxi l-maħbubin lejn il-maqgħad tal-qdusija u lejn dan il-Ġmiel middi. 

Fis-sew dan huwa dak l-Akbar Ġmiel, imħabbar minn qabel fil-Kotba tal-Messaġġiera, li minnHom is-sew ikun magħżul mill-għelt u l-għerf ta’ kull amar ikun mistħarreġ. Fis-sew Huwa is-Siġra tal-Ħajja li tagħmel il-frott t’Alla, il-Għoli, il-Qawwi, il-Kbir.

O Aḥmad! Kun inti xhud li fis fis-sewwa Huwa Alla u li m’hemmx Alla għajr Hu, is-Sultan, Dak li Jħares, li Bħalu M’Hemmx, Li Jista’ Kollox. U li Dak Li Hu bagħat bl-isem ta’ Alí  kien il-Wieħed tabilħaqq mibgħut minn Alla, li għall-amar tiegħU aħna lkoll noqgħodu. 

Għid: O ġnus obdu l-amar t’Alla, li kienu mħeġġa fil-Bayan mill-Glorjuż, il-Għaref. Fis-sew Hu is-Sultan tal-Messaġġiera u il-Ktieb tiegħU huwa il-Ktieb Omm li kontu tafu.

Hekk l-Użinjol ilissen is-sejħa tiegħU lilkom minn dan il-ħabs. Hu kellu biss iwassal dan il-messaġġ ċar. Kulmin jixtieq, ħalli jwarrab minn dan il-parir u kulmin jixtieq ħalli jagħżel it-triq tas-Sid tiegħu. 

O ġnus, jekk tiċħdu dawn il-vrus, b’liema xiehda emmintu f’Alla? Uruha, O ġemgħa ta’ qarrieqa.

Le, fuq Dak li f’idU tinsab ruħi, m’humiex, u qatt ma jkunu jistgħu jagħmlu dan, ukoll jekk jingħaqdu biex igħinu wieħed lill-ieħor.

O Aḥmad! La tinsiex tjibatI meta ma nkunx hawn. Iftakar il-jiem tiegħI matul il-jiem tiegħek, u l-għali u l-eżilju tiegħi f’dan il-ħabs imbiegħed. U kun int hekk sod fl-imħabba tiegħI li qalbek ma togħtorx, ukoll jekk ix-xwabel tal għadu ifajru d-daqqiet fuqek u s-smewwiet kollha u l-art iqumu kontra tiegħek.

Kun int bħal ilsien tan-nar għall-egħdewwa tiegħI u xmara ta’ ħajja eterna għall-maħbubin tiegħI, u tkunx minn dawk li jiddubitaw.

U jekk int tinħakem mill-hemm fit-triq tiegħI, jew tisfa’ mbaxxi mħabba fijA, xejn la tinkwieta.

Oqgħod fuq Alla, Alla tiegħek u Sid missirijietek. Għax il-ġnus qed jimirħu fit-toroq tal-qerq, imċaħħda mill-għarfien ħalli jaraw ’l Alla b’għajnejhom stess, jew jisimgħu l-Għanja tiegħU b’widnejhom stess. Hekk sibnihom Aħna, kif tixhed int ukoll.

Hekk sar twemminhom fieragħ bħalma star bejnhom u bejn qlubhom u żammhom mit-triq t’Alla, il-Għoli, il-Kbir.

Kun inti żgur fik innifsek li fis-sewwa, dak li jwarrab minn dan il-Ġmiel ikun warrab ukoll mill-Messaġġiera tal-imgħoddi u juri kburija lejn Alla minn eternità għal eternità.

Itgħallem sewwa din it-Tavla, O Aḥmad. Għanniha matul il-jiem tiegħek u żżommx lilek innifsek lura minnha. Għax fis-sew, Alla amar għal min igħanniha, il-ħlas ta’ mit martri u qadi fiż-żewġ dinjiet. Dawn il-għoġbat Aħna xerridna fuqek bħala tjieba min-naħa tagħNa u ħniena mill-preżenza tagħNa, biex inti tkun fost dawk li huma grati. 

F’ġieh Alla! Jekk wieħed li jinsab f’xi saram jew niket jaqra din it-Tavla bl-akbar sinċeritá, Alla jkeċċilu id-diqa tiegħu, iħoll il-għawġ tiegħu u jneħħilu n-niket tiegħu.

Fis-sew, Hu il-Hanin, li Jagħder. Tifħir lil Alla, is-Sid tad-dinjiet kollha.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [2] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [3] BB00018MAJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: All majesty and glory, O my God, and all dominion and light and grandeur and splendor be unto Thee.  Thou bestowest sovereignty on whom Thou willest and dost withhold it from whom Thou desirest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.  Thou art He Who createth from naught the universe and all that dwell therein. There is nothing worthy of Thee except Thyself, while all else but Thee are as outcasts in Thy holy presence and are as nothing when compared to the glory of Thine Own Being.
      Last:  * 1. Qur'án 6:103

  [4] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[605] Prayer UUID: 19ca9e3aaec9

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=70)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[606] Prayer UUID: 1a6330d2-4444-471d-a4ed-4394ed7dfcb4

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, менин Жан тартуучу Теңирим, Сен даңктуусуң! Сенин ыйык сөз тутумдарыңдын океанынын добушу менен, ошондой эле Сенин жогорку өкүмчүлүгүңдүн көп түрлүү жышаандары менен, Сенин Кудайлыгыңдын бардыгын багындыруучу күбөлүгү менен, анан Сенин Билимиңде тыянакталган касиеттүү сырлар менен, - Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүң боюнча, Сага кызмат кылууга жана Сенин тандаганың болууга мага уруксат бер, ошондой эле Сенин Китебиңде осуятталган Сенин Хукукуңду урмат менен айта келүүнү чечип бер, - деп мен Сага сыйынам.

О, Теңир, ким Сенин даңк дүйнөңө сүйүүсү артып кирсе жана Сенин жоомарттыгыңдын кийиминин этегинен бекем кармаса, ошол мен. О, Ким бардык жандын Теңиринин өзү жана Падышачылыктын Ысымдарынын Өкүмдары болсо, ошол, Сен,- Сен эмнеге ээлик кылсаң, ошондон мени айырба, ошондой эле Сенин тандалган кызматчыларың Үчүн Сен эмнени багыштасаң, ошондон мени куру калтырба, - дер Сенден суранам.

О, бардык ысымдардын Теңири жана асмандарды Жаратуучу, жарыкчылыктын убаракерчилиги мени жамынчы сыяктуу ороп албагыдай болсун үчүн, ошондой эле Сенин күндөрүңдө Сенин элиңди жолдон чыгарууну ойлошкон кара санатайлар тарабынан көтөрүлгөн жаалданган дүрбөлөң мага жолтоо болбогудай болсун үчүн Сенин Ишиңде туруктуу болууга чыңдоочу жыргалың менен мага жардам бер, - деп Сага сыйынам. О, менин жүрөгүмдүн Эңсөөсү, ушул дүйнөнүн жана келечектеги дүйнөнүн жакшылыгын мен үчүн аныкта. Акыйкатында, Сенин эркиң боюнча жаратууга Сенин бийлигиң бар. Түбөлүк Кечирүүчү, Өтө жоомарт, Сенден бөлөк Кудай жок.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[607] Prayer UUID: 1e6cb391-e148-4f5a-9f82-588083a35486

FULL TEXT (ky):
Oslávené buď Tvoje meno, ó Pane, môj Bože! Úpenlivo Ťa prosím pri Tvojej sile, ktorá obklopila všetko stvorené, a pri Tvojom mocnárstve, ktoré presahuje celé stvorenie, a pri Tvojom Slove, ktoré bolo ukryté v Tvojej múdrosti a prostredníctvom ktorého si stvoril Svoje nebo a Svoju zem, aby si nám umožnil byť neochvejnými v láske k Tebe a v poslušnosti voči Tvojmu rozhodnutiu a zároveň aby sme mohli uprieť zrak na Tvoju tvár a oslavovať Tvoju slávu. Daj nám teda silu, ó môj Bože, aby sme medzi Tvojimi stvoreniami doďaleka mohli šíriť Tvoje znamenia a chrániť Tvoju vieru v Tvojej ríši. Vždy si jestvoval nezávisle od zmienky ktoréhokoľvek z Tvojich stvorení a na večné veky zostaneš taký, aký si bol.
Do Teba som vložil celú svoju dôveru, k Tebe som obrátil tvár a k lanu Tvojej láskavej prozreteľnosti som priľnul a náhlil som sa k tôni Tvojho milosrdenstva. Neposielaj ma sklamaného preč od Svojich dverí, ó môj Bože, a neodopieraj mi Svoju priazeň, pretože ja hľadám jedine Teba. Niet Boha okrem Teba, vždy Odpúšťajúceho, Najštedrejšieho.
Chvála buď Tebe, ó Ty, koho milujú tí, ktorí Ťa poznali!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (5 options):

  [1] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [2] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [3] BH05894 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I know not, O my God, what the Fire is which Thou didst kindle in Thy land.  Earth can never cloud its splendor, nor water quench its flame. All the peoples of the world are powerless to resist its force.  Great is the blessedness of him that hath drawn nigh unto it, and heard its roaring.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou art, verily, the All-Powerful, the Most Generous.

  [4] BH07180 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I yield Thee thanks for having enabled me to recognize the Manifestation of Thyself, and for having severed me from Thine enemies, and laid bare before mine eyes their misdeeds and wicked works in Thy days, and for having rid me of all attachment to them, and caused me to turn wholly towards Thy grace and bountiful favors.  I give Thee thanks, also, for having sent down upon me from the clouds of Thy will that which hath so sanctified me from the hints of the infidels and the allusions of the misbelievers that I have fixed my heart firmly on Thee, and fled from such as have denied the light of Thy countenance.  Again I thank Thee for having empowered me to be steadfast in Thy love, and to speak forth Thy praise and to extol Thy virtues, and for having given me to drink of the cup of Thy mercy that hath surpassed all things visible and invisible.
      Last:  Thou art the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the All-Loving.

  [5] BB00554 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord, my Best Beloved!  Make me steadfast in Thy Cause, and grant that I may be reckoned among those who have not violated Thy Covenant nor followed the gods of their own idle fancy.
      Last:  Grant, O my God, that I may not be reckoned among those whose ears are deaf, whose eyes are blind, whose tongues are speechless and whose hearts have failed to comprehend.  Deliver me, O Lord, from the fire of ignorance and of selfish desire, suffer me to be admitted into the precincts of Thy transcendent mercy and send down upon me that which Thou hast ordained for Thy chosen ones.  Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[609] Prayer UUID: 271615e4-d895-4163-b26f-73636c11b5a5

FULL TEXT (ky):
O Sid tiegħi, O Sid tieghi! Dawn iż-żewġ globi jiddu huma mżewġin fl-imħabba tiegħeK, magħqudin biex jaqdu l-Għatba Mqaddsa tiegħeK, imwaħħdin għat-twettieq tal-Kawża tiegħeK. Agħmel Int dan iż-żwieġ li jkun bħal dwal riffiesa tal-grazzja kotrana tiegħeK, O Sid tiegħi, il-Ħanin f’Kollox, u raġġi mdawlin tal-għotjiet tiegħeK, O Inti Qalb Tajba, li Dejjem-Tagħti, ħalli jkunu jistgħu joħorġu minn din is-siġra kbira friegħi li jikbru ħodor u għammiela bid-doni li jraxxu fuqhom mis-sħab tal-grazzja tiegħeK.

Fis-sewwa, Int il-Ġeneruż. Fis-sewwa, Int is-Setgħani. Fis-sewwa, Int Dak li Jħenn, il-Ħanin f’Kollox.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [2] BH00308DES (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord of the world and Desire of the nations, O Thou Who hast become manifest in the Greatest Name, whereby the pearls of wisdom and utterance have appeared from the shells of the great sea of Thy knowledge, and the heavens of divine revelation have been adorned with the light of the appearance of the sun of Thy countenance.
      Last:  I beg of Thee, O Thou King of existence and Protector of the seen and the unseen, to make whosoever arises to serve Thy Cause as a sea moving by Thy desire, as one ablaze with the fire of Thy Sacred Tree, shining from the horizon of the heaven of Thy will.  Verily, Thou art the mighty One, Whom neither the power of all the world nor the strength of nations can weaken.  There is no God but Thee, the One, the Incomparable, the Protector, the Self-Subsistent.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[610] Prayer UUID: 2d1beb8e9745

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[611] Prayer UUID: 2d6dd2e0-252a-43c3-8472-a0e71911d3cb

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BHU0004SUF (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God is sufficient unto me; He verily is the All-sufficing! In Him let the trusting trust.

  [2] BB00018ADJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I adjure Thee by Thy might, O my God!  Let no harm beset me in times of tests, and in moments of heedlessness guide my steps aright through Thine inspiration.  Thou art God, potent art Thou to do what Thou desirest. No one can withstand Thy Will or thwart Thy Purpose.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[612] Prayer UUID: 2fca79914e3b

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[613] Prayer UUID: 3038ecbd-8fb0-4cb1-97e2-c261e2dca0a8

FULL TEXT (ky):
On je Boh! Ó Ty nadovšetko Mocný Pane! Posilni celé ľudstvo, aby mohlo konať podľa pokynov a podľa učenia zaznamenaných v týchto spisoch tak, aby z ľudského sveta mohli byť odstránené vojny a spory; aby mohli byť zničené korene nepriateľstva a ustanovené základy lásky a náklonnosti; aby srdcia mohli byť naplnené láskou a duše sa zbližovali; aby sa múdrosť rozšírila a aby sa tváre rozžiarili a rozjasnili; aby už nebolo vojen a sporov a aby sa objavil súlad a mier; aby si jednotnosť ľudského sveta postavila stan na „vrcholku obzorov“, aby sa národy a skupiny stali jedným ľudom, aby sa rozličné svetadiely stali jedným svetadielom a celá zem jednou krajinou; aby sa zjednotili odnože znepriatelených a dogmatických náboženstiev; aby bol ozdobený svet stvorenia a všetci ľudia zeme nažívali v jednote a mieri.

Vskutku, Ty si Darca, Udeľujúci, Hľadiaci!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [2] BH00308DES (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord of the world and Desire of the nations, O Thou Who hast become manifest in the Greatest Name, whereby the pearls of wisdom and utterance have appeared from the shells of the great sea of Thy knowledge, and the heavens of divine revelation have been adorned with the light of the appearance of the sun of Thy countenance.
      Last:  I beg of Thee, O Thou King of existence and Protector of the seen and the unseen, to make whosoever arises to serve Thy Cause as a sea moving by Thy desire, as one ablaze with the fire of Thy Sacred Tree, shining from the horizon of the heaven of Thy will.  Verily, Thou art the mighty One, Whom neither the power of all the world nor the strength of nations can weaken.  There is no God but Thee, the One, the Incomparable, the Protector, the Self-Subsistent.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[614] Prayer UUID: 336737c7-496a-4402-9dc7-9218c1a549da

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, Теңир, айланайын Кудайым, ылайым, Сенин ысмың даңктангандай болсун!

Кимге бардыгы табынышса, Ошол Сенсиң, Сен эч кимге табынбайсың; бардыгынын үстүнөн үстөмдүк кылсаң жана эч кимге кызмат кылбайсың; Сен бардыгы жөнүндө билесиң жана Өзүң эч кимге белгисизсиң. Сен жөнүндө адамдардын билүүсүн Сен кааладың, ошондуктан Сенин оозуңдун бирдиктүү Сезү менен Сен аралуунун келип чыгышын буйрудуң жана Сен Ааламды жараттың. Дүйнөнү бычып-тигүүчү, Жаратуучу, Бардыгынан күч-кубаттуу, Бардыгынан күчтүү Сенден бөлөк Кудай жок.

Сенин Эркиңдин асман мейкининде жаркыраган Сөз менен, Сенин тандалгандарыңдын жүрөктөрүн Сен жанданткан жана мен ар кандай мезгилде бардык шарттарда Сага карай менин жүзүмдү бүт бойдон бура алгыдай болуу үчүн, Сени кимдер сүйсө, ошол жандарды кайрадан жараткан жандантуучу суулардан мага ичүүгө уруксат эт, - деп Сага сыйынам.

Сен күч-кубаттын, молчулуктун жана даңктын Кудайысың. Башкы Өкүмдөр, Бардыгынан даңктуу, Бардыгын жетектөөчү Сенден бөлөк, Кудай жок.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

  [2] AB05652WIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 56:62.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[615] Prayer UUID: 347cccab-d855-404d-82d2-797dcedf9db6

FULL TEXT (ky):
Tvoje meno ma uzdravuje, ó môj Bože, a spomienka na Teba je mi liekom. Blízkosť k Tebe mi dáva nádej a láska k Tebe mi je spoločníkom. Tvoje milosrdenstvo voči mne ma uzdravuje a pomáha mi na tomto svete i vo svete budúcom. Ty si vskutku nadovšetko Štedrý, Vševediaci, nadovšetko Múdry.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BB00100EXI (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O God! Thou art the God Who hath existed before all things, Who will exist after all things and will last beyond all things. Thou art the God Who knoweth all things, and is supreme over all things. Thou art the God Who dealeth mercifully with all things, Who judgeth between all things and Whose vision embraceth all things. Thou art God my Lord, Thou art aware of my position, Thou dost witness my inner and outer being.
      Last:  Grant Thy forgiveness unto me and unto the believers who responded to Thy Call. Be Thou my sufficing helper against the mischief of whosoever may desire to inflict sorrow upon me or wish me ill. Verily, Thou art the Lord of all created things. Thou dost suffice everyone, while no one can be self-sufficient without Thee.

  [2] AB08704NEW (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Bless Thou, O King of Kings, the city of New York!  Cause the friends there to be kind to one another.  Purify their souls and make their hearts to be free and detached.  Illumine the world of their consciousness.  Exhilarate their spirits and bestow celestial power and confirmation upon them.  Establish there a heavenly realm, so that the City of Baha may prosper and New York be favoured with blessings from the Abha Kingdom, that this region may become like the all-highest Paradise, may develop into a vineyard of God and be transformed into a heavenly orchard and a spiritual rose garden.

  [3] BH02898MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God! I am the one who hath turned his face towards Thee and hath placed his whole reliance in Thee. I implore Thee by Thy Name whereby the ocean of Thine utterance hath surged and the breezes of Thy knowledge have stirred, to grant that I may be graciously aided to serve Thy Cause and be inspired to remember Thee and praise Thee. Send down then upon me from the heaven of Thy generosity that which will preserve me from anyone but Thee and will profit me in all Thy worlds.
      Last:  * Tablets, p. 268-269.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[616] Prayer UUID: 35fa4ae6-8980-472e-bfca-934ab1061b3d

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, Кудай, Сен Даңктуусуң жана Мактоого арзыйсың! Сенин Кудай болуп биз менен катышып отурууңа жетишкен кезди, ошол күндү жакындат. Сенин сүйүүңдүн күчү жана ырайың менен биздин жүрөктөрүбүзгө кайрат бер жана Сенин Эркиң менен Сенин Буйругуңа биз чын көңүлүбүз менен баш ийгидей болуу үчүн бизге чыдамдуулукту тартуула. Акыйкатында, Сен тарабынан эмне жаратыла турган болсо же жаратылса, бардыгын Сенин билимиң кучагына алат, ошондой эле Сен эмнени чакырсаң же жашоого карай чакыра турган болсоң, бардыгынан Сенин көктөгү күчүн ашып түшөт.

Сенден бөлөк, эч кимге жүгүнүүгө, Сенден бөлөк эч нерсени эңсөөгө сенден бөлөк эч кимди аздектөөгө, ошондой эле Сенин ырайыңды бөлөк эч нерсени сүйүүгө болбойт.

Акыйкатында, Сен Жогорку Башкаруучусуң, Жогорку Акыйкатсың, Коркунучта Жардамчысың, Өзүң жаралгансың .

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00100EXI (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O God! Thou art the God Who hath existed before all things, Who will exist after all things and will last beyond all things. Thou art the God Who knoweth all things, and is supreme over all things. Thou art the God Who dealeth mercifully with all things, Who judgeth between all things and Whose vision embraceth all things. Thou art God my Lord, Thou art aware of my position, Thou dost witness my inner and outer being.
      Last:  Grant Thy forgiveness unto me and unto the believers who responded to Thy Call. Be Thou my sufficing helper against the mischief of whosoever may desire to inflict sorrow upon me or wish me ill. Verily, Thou art the Lord of all created things. Thou dost suffice everyone, while no one can be self-sufficient without Thee.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[617] Prayer UUID: 38c8f9d5-c2fa-4328-a76e-865150619d58

FULL TEXT (ky):
# TALBA OBLIGATORJA TWILA   
## TINGĦAD DARBA F’ERBGĦA U GĦOXRIN SIEGĦA

* Kulmin jixtieq igħid din it-talba,iqum bil-wieqfa u jdur lejn Alla u, wieqaf f’imkienu, igħarrex lejn il-lemin u lejn ix-xellug, bħalkieku qed jistenna l-ħniena ta’ Sidu, l’Aktar Ħanin, Li Jagħder. Imbagħad igħid:


O Int li Int is-Sid ta’ kull isem u l-Ħallieq tas-smewwiet! NitolboK f’ġieh dawk Li huma Egħjun il-Jum tal-Essenza tiegħek li ma tidher, l-Aktar Għoli, il-Glorjuż Għal Kollox, biex tagħmel mit-talba tiegħi nar li jaħraq l-istarijiet li għattewni minn ġmieleK, u dawl li jmexxini lejn l-oċejan tal-Preżenza tiegħeK.

* Jerfa’ imbagħad idejh  f’talba lejn Alla - imbierek u merfugħ ikun Hu – u jgħid:

O Int ix-Xewqa tad-dinja u l-Maħbub tan-nazzjonijiet! Inti tarani indurlejK, u meħlus minn kull irbit ma’ xi ħadd għajr miegħeK, u mdendel mal-ħabel tiegħeK, illi b’taħriku il-ħolqien kollu kien imċaqlaq. Jien il-qaddej tiegħeK, O Sid tieghi, u iben il-qaddej tiegħeK. Arani wieqaf lest biex inwettaq ir-rieda tiegħek u x-xewqa tiegħeK, u ma nixtieq xejn aktar għajr il-għoġba tajba tiegheK. Jien nitolbok  f’ġieh l-Oċejan tal-ħniena tiegħeK u Kewkbet il-Jum tal-grazzja tiegħeK biex tagħmel bil-qaddej tiegħeK skond ir-rieda u l-għoġba tiegħeK. F’ġieh is-setgħa tiegħeK li tisboq kull kliem u tifħir! Dak kollu li ġie mikxuf minneK huwa x-xewqa ta’ qalbi u l-maħbub ta’ ruħi. O Alla, Alla tiegħi! Tħarix għal fuq tamieti u l-egħmejjel tiegħi, le ingħid hares fuq ir-rieda tiegħeK li sebqet is-smewwiet u l-art. F’ġieh Ismek l-Aktar Kbir, O Int Sid tan-nazzjonijiet kollha! Jien xtaqt biss dak li xtaqt Inti, u nħobb biss dak li tħobb Inti.

* Jinżel imbagħad għar-rkobbtejh u, ibaxxi ġbinu lejn l-art, igħid:

Inti merfugħ fuq kull tifsira ta’ kull wieħed għajr dik tiegħeK, u fehma ta’ xejn għajr Inti. 

* Iqum bil-wieqfa mbagħad u jgħid:

Agħmel it-talba tiegħi, O Sid tiegħi, għajn t’ilmijiet ħajja li bihom nista’ ngħix sakemm iddum saltnateK, u nkun nista’ nsemmiK f’kull dinja tad-dinjiet tiegħeK.

* Jerġa’ jerfa’ idejħ f’talba, u jgħid:

O Int li l-firda minnek dewbet il-qlub u l-erwieħ u li bin-nar ta’ mħabbtek id-dinja kollha sfat imkebbsa! NitolboK  f’ġieh l-Isem tiegħeK li bih rażżant il-ħolqien kollu, biex ma żżommx lura minni dak li hu miegħeK, O Int Li ssaltan fuq il-bnedmin kollha! Inti tara, O Sid tiegħi, dan il-barrani jħaffef lejn l-ogħla dejr minn tiegħu taħt il-baldakkin tal maestà tiegħeK u ‘l ġewwa mill-konfini tal-ħniena tiegħeK; u dan il ħati jfittex  l-oċejan tal-maħfra tiegħeK; u dan il-kieni il-qorti tal-glorja tiegħeK; u din il-ħlejqa fqajra id-dija tal-ġid tiegħeK. TiegħeK hi s-setgħa li tamar, dak kollu li trid. Jien xhud li Inti għandek tiġi mfaħħar fl-egħmejjel tiegħeK, u li tkun obdut f’dak  illi tamar, u li tibqa’ bla mxekkel fl-amar tiegħeK.  

* Imbagħad jgħolli idejh, u jsemmi tliet darbiet l-Akbar Isem.  Jiltewa mbagħad b’idejh mistrieħa fuq irkobbtejh quddiem Alla – imbierek u merfugħ ikun Hu – u jgħid:

Inti tara, O Alla tiegħi, kif l-ispirtu tiegħi tqanqal f’ġismi u fl-imfasal tiegħi, imxennaq biex jagħtiK qima, u fil-kilba tiegħu biex jiftakreK u jfaħħreK; kif ixiehed dak li Lsien ta’ l-Amar Tiegħek  xehed fis-saltna ta’ taqwilek u sema tal-għarfien tiegħeK. Jien inħobb, f’din il-qagħda, O Sid tiegħi, nitolboK dak kollu li hu miegħeK,  biex inkun nista’ nuri l-faqar tiegħi, u nkabbar it-tjieba tiegħeK u l-għana tiegħeK, u nkun nista’ nistqarr djufiti, u nuri il qawwa tiegħeK u s-setgħa tiegħeK.

* Imbagħad iqum bil-wieqfa u jgħolli idejh darbtejn f’talba, u jgħid:

M’hemmx Alla għajreK, is-Setgħani, it-Tajjeb f’Kollox. M’hemmx Alla għajreK, l-Ammar, kemm fil-bidu u fit-tmien. O Alla, Alla tiegħi! Il-maħfra għamlitli l-ħila, u l-ħiena tiegħeK saħħitni, u s-sejħa tiegħek qajmitni, u l-grazzja tiegħek regħetni ‘l fuq u mexxitni lejK. Min jien, wara kollox, li nazzarda nieqaf f’bieb il-belt tal-qarbien tiegħek, jew wiċċi ndawwar lejn id-dwal li qed jiddu mis-sema tar-rieda tiegħeK? Inti tara, O Sid tiegħi, din l-imsejkna ħlejqa tħabbat fuq il-bieb tal-grazzja tiegħeK, u din ir-ruħ ħfejfa tfittex ix-xmara tal-ħajja dejjiema mill-idejn tat-tjieba tiegħeK. TiegħeK il-amar kull ħin, O Inti Li Int is-Sid tal-ismijiet kollha; u tiegħi ir-rassenjazzjoni u kejn ir-rieda għar-rieda tiegħeK, O Ħallieq tas-smewwiet!

* Igħolli mbagħad tliet darbiet, u jgħid:

Akbar hu Alla minn kull kbir iehor!

* Jinżel għar-rkobbtejh imbagħad u, jbaxxi ġbinu lejn l-art, igħid:

Int għoli wisq għat-tifhir ta’ dawk li jqarrbu lejK biex jitilgħu fis-sema ta’ qarbieneK, jew għall-agħsafar ta’ qlub dawk li huma devoti lejK biex jiksbu l-bieb ta’ biebeK. Jien xhud li Int ġejt imqaddes fuq kull attribut u mqaddes fuq kull isem. M’hemmx Alla għajreK; l-Ogħla, il-Glorjuż-f’Kollox.

* Jogħod bil-qiegħda mbagħad u jgħid:

Jien xhud ta’ dak li għalih xehdu l-ħwejjeġ maħluqa, u l-Folla fil-għoli, u l-għammara tal-ogħla Ġenna, u lil hinn minnhom ilsien il-Kobor innifsu mix-Xefaq kollu-glorjuż, li Inti Alla, li m’hemmx Alla għajreK, u li Dak li kien muri huwa l-Misteru Moħbi, il-Għelm Għażiż, li minnu l-ittri H u U (Hu) intgħaqdu u twaħħdu flimkien. Jien xhud li Hu dak li ismU ġie mħażżeż mill- Pinna ta’ Aktar Għoli, u li kien imsemmi fil-Kotba t’Alla, is-sid tat-Tron fil-għoli u ta’ l-art taħt.

* Iqum bil-wieqfa mbagħad u jgħid:

O Sid ta’ kulma hu u Sid kull ħaga li tidher jew li ma tidhirx! Inti tara d-dmugħ tiegħi u t-tnehid li nlissen, u tisma’ kribi, u t-twerżiq tiegħi, u l-ilment ta’ qalbi. F’ġieh is-setgħa tiegħek! Nuqqasijieti żammewni lura m’li noqrob lejK; u dnubieti żammewni ‘l bogħod mill-qorti ta’ qdusiteK. ImħabbteK, O Sid tiegħi, għanietni, u l-firda minneK qerditni, u l-bogħod minneK kielni. NitolboK f’ġieh passejK fix-xagħri, u f’ġieh il kelmiet “Hawn jiena. Hawn jiena” li l-magħżulin minneK lissnu f’din l-immensita, u f’ġieh nifsijiet ir-Rivelazzjoni tiegħeK, u l-irjieħ ħlejja tas-Sebħ tad-Dehra tiegħek, biex tamar li nkun nista’ ngħarrex fuq ġmieleK u nifli kulma hemm fil-Ktieb tiegħeK.

* Isemmi mbagħad tliet darbiet l-Akbar Isem, u jitbaxxa b’idejh mistrieħa fuq irkobbtejh, u jgħid:

Tifħir lileK, O Alla tiegħi, Int li għintni niftakreK u nfaħħreK, u ġagħaltni nsir naf lilU Li hu Għajn il-Jum tal-egħliem tiegħeK, u ġagħaltni nitbaxxa quddiem is-Sinjurija TiegħeK, u numilja ruħi quddiem ir-Ras Allija, u nistqarr dak li kien imqawwel minn Ilsien il-kobor tiegħeK.

* Iqum imbagħad u jgħid:

O Alla, Alla tiegħi! Dahri milwi bit-toqol ta’ dnubieti, u t-telqa tiegħi qerditni. Kulmeta naħseb fuq l-egħmejjel tiegħi ħziena u l-qalb tajba tiegħeK, qalbi ddub ġo fija, u demmi jagħli fil-vini tiegħi. F’ġieh ġmieleK, O Int ix-Xewqa tad-dinja! Nistħi nerfa’ wiċċi lejK, u idejja mxennqin jistħu jinfetħu lejn is-sema ta’ tjubiteK. Inti tara, O Alla tiegħi, kif dmugħi jżommni milli niftakreK u milli nfaħħar tjibateK, O Int is-Sid tat-Tron fil-għoli u ta’ l-art taħt! Nitolbok f’ġieh egħliem is-Saltna tiegħeK u l-misteri ta’ ArteK biex tagħmel bil-maħbubin tiegħeK kif jixraq lil tjubiteK, O Sid ta’ kulma hu, u xieraq għall-grazzja tiegħeK, O Sultan ta’ dak li jidher u li ma jidhirx!

* Isemmi mbagħad tliet darbiet l-Akbar Isem, u jinżel għar-rkobbtejh bi ġbinu lejn l-art, u jgħid: 
Tiħir lileK, O Alla tagħna, li bgħattilna hawn isfel dak li jqarribna lejK, u fornejtna b’kull ħaġa tajba imniżżla minneK fil-Kotba tiegħeK u l-Kitbiet tiegħeK. Ħarisna, nitolbuK, O Sid tiegħi, mill-armati ta’ stħajjil fieragħ u tmaħħiħ għal xejn. Inti, fis-sewwa, is-Setgħani, li Taf-Kollox.

* Jerfa’ mbagħad rasu, u joqgħod bil-qiegħda, u jgħid:

Jien xhud, O Alla tiegħi, għal dak li għalih xehdu il-magħżulin tiegħeK, u nistqarr dak li l-għammara ta’ l-ogħla Ġenna u dawk li daru madwar it-Tron setgħani tiegħeK marru jistqarru. Saltniet l-art u s-sema huma tiegħeK, O Sid tad-dinjiet!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (9 options):

  [1] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [2] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [3] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [4] BH00154FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The Kitáb-i-Aqdas states: “We have commanded you to pray and fast from the beginning of maturity [15 years]; this is ordained by God, your Lord and the Lord of your forefathers...  The traveler, the ailing, those who are with child or giving suck, are not bound by the fast... Abstain from food and drink from sunrise to sundown, and beware lest desire deprive you of this grace that is appointed in the Book.”
      Last:  Assist them, O my God, to render Thee victorious and to exalt Thy Word.  Suffer them, then, to become as hands of Thy Cause amongst Thy servants, and make them to be revealers of Thy religion and Thy signs amongst mankind, in such wise that the whole world may be filled with Thy remembrance and praise and with Thy proofs and evidences.  Thou art, verily, the All-Bounteous, the Most Exalted, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Merciful.

  [5] AB00094WEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let whosoever travels to different parts to teach, peruse over mountain, desert, land and sea this supplication.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Most Merciful of the merciful.

  [6] AB00787SPL (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, O Thou Who hast cast Thy splendor over the luminous realities of men, shedding upon them the resplendent lights of knowledge and guidance, and hast chosen them out of all created things for this supernal grace, and hast caused them to encompass all things, to understand their inmost essence, and to disclose their mysteries, bringing them forth out of darkness into the visible world! “He verily showeth His special mercy to whomsoever He will.”¹
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 55:19-22.

  [7] BH03181 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Bestower, the Bounteous!
      Last:  And when He desired to manifest grace and beneficence to men, and to set the world in order, He revealed observances and created laws; among them He established the law of marriage, made it as a fortress for well-being and salvation, and enjoined it upon us in that which was sent down out of the heaven of sanctity in His Most Holy Book.  He saith, great is His glory: “Enter into wedlock, O people, that ye may bring forth one who will make mention of me amid My servants.  This is My bidding unto you; hold fast to it as an assistance to yourselves.”

  [8] AB00687SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou, my God, Who guidest the seeker to the pathway that leadeth aright, Who deliverest the lost and blinded soul out of the wastes of perdition, Thou Who bestowest upon the sincere great bounties and favors, Who guardest the frightened within Thine impregnable refuge, Who answerest, from Thine all-highest horizon, the cry of those who cry out unto Thee.  Praised be Thou, O my Lord!  Thou hast guided the distracted out of the death of unbelief, and hast brought those who draw nigh unto Thee to the journey's goal, and hast rejoiced the assured among Thy servants by granting them their most cherished desires, and hast, from Thy Kingdom of beauty, opened before the faces of those who yearn after Thee the gates of reunion, and hast rescued them from the fires of deprivation and loss—so that they hastened unto Thee and gained Thy presence, and arrived at Thy welcoming door, and received of gifts an abundant share.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Ever-Giving, the Precious, the Most Bountiful.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Exalted, the Victorious.

  [9] BH02307 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *(This Tablet is read at the Shrines of Bahá’u’lláh and the Báb. It is also frequently used in commemorating Their anniversaries.)
      Last:  Bless Thou, O Lord my God, the Divine Lote-Tree and its leaves, and its boughs, and its branches, and its stems, and its offshoots, as long as Thy most excellent titles will endure and Thy most august attributes will last.  Protect it, then, from the mischief of the aggressor and the hosts of tyranny.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.  Bless Thou, also, O Lord my God, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens who have attained unto Thee.  Thou, truly, art the All-Bountiful, Whose grace is infinite.  No God is there save Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[619] Prayer UUID: 3b581800-93f1-4e2a-9812-35efa54d777e

FULL TEXT (ky):
Менин Теңирим! Менин Теңирим! Сени алкайм жана Сен жоош күң аялды, Сага сыйынып жана суранып жаткан күңдү эмне менен сыйласаң , ошол үчүн ыраазылык билдирем, анткени, акыйкатында, Сен аны өзүңдүн анык Падышачылыгыңа жөнөттүң, ага ушул шарттуу дүйнөдө Сенин Жогорудагы Чакырыгыңа назар салууну бердиң жана бардык жандуунун үстүннөн Сенин жеңиштүү чексиз укуктуу өкумчүлүгүңдүн келе жатышы туурасында күбө өткөн Сенин жышаандарыңды көрүүгө ылаиык көрдүң.

О, айланайын Кудайым,мен өзүмдүн койнумда эмнени көтөрүп жүрсөм,ошону Сага арнайм. Ага,Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүң жана жоомарттыгыңа жараша,Сенин Падышачылыгыңда татыктуу жана бактылуу бала болууну бер,ал Сенин насаатыңдын көлөкөсү алдыңда өсүп жатат жана өсө берсин.Акыйкатында, Сен жыргалсың! Акыйкатында,Сен улуу Ак көңүлдүүлүктүн Теңирисиң!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB03896MAJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! O my God! Verily, thy servant, humble before the majesty of Thy divine supremacy, lowly at the door of Thy oneness, hath believed in Thee and in Thy verses, hath testified to Thy word, hath been enkindled with the fire of Thy love, hath been immersed in the depths of the ocean of Thy knowledge, hath been attracted by Thy breezes, hath relied upon his supplications to Thee, and hath been assured of Thy pardon and forgiveness. He hath abandoned this mortal life and hath flown to the kingdom of immortality, yearning for the favor of meeting Thee.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Powerful, the Forgiver and the Bestower.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[621] Prayer UUID: 4104c80c-6714-49af-804b-8151b35efd19

FULL TEXT (ky):
*(Na Masu me baleti ira na mate ka me dau vakayagataki e na vukudra na Bahá'í' era sa yacova na yabaki 15. “E na veimasu vakaroti kece vakaBahá'í, oqo e dua na kena e rawa ni cavuqaqataka vata na lewe ni vakabauta, e dodonu me cavuta e dua vei ira na lewe ni vakabauta ka me ra tucake kece tiko na lewe ni vavakoso. E sega ni gadrevi e ke me da qarava na Vanua Tabu (Qiblih, o ya mai Isireli) e na gauna e cavuqaqataki tiko kina na masu oqo." -	Tauri mai e na iVola Tabu o ya na ‘Synopsis & Codification of the Kitab-i-Aqdas’.)

O i Kemuni na noqu Kalou! Oqo na Nomuni tamata ka luve ni Nomuni tamata, ka dau vakabauti Kemuni kei na Nomuni i vakatakilakila, ka dau vakanamata tu yani vei Kemuni, e na nona vagalalataki koya vakatabakidua mai na veika kece ka vakavo ga O i Kemuni. Sa i Kemuni dina ga, sa dau vakaraitaka na veivosoti, na dauveivosoti duadua ga.

Mo ni lewai koya mada, O i Kemuni na dauvosota na nodra caka ca na tamata ka dau ubia na nodra cala e vuqa, e na ruku ni lomalagi ni Nomuni solisoli kei na wasawasa ni Nomuni loloma. Mo ni vakatara vua me sa curu yani ki na lomanibai ni Nomuni loloma tawa yalani rawa e a tu ni se bera ni buli o lomalagi kei vuravura. Sa sega tale ni dua na Kalou sa i Kemuni ga, na Dauveivosoti e veigauna kece ga, na Daulomasoli Duadua ga.

Me sa qai cavuta vakaono na vosu ni veikidavaki na 'Allah’u’Abha’, ni oti me sa qai cavuta vakatinikaciwa na veiyatuvosa oqo:

Keimami sa dau sokalou kece, vakaidina, vua na Kalou.

Keimami sa dau vakarokoroko kece, vakaidina, vua na Kalou.

Keimami sa dau soli keimami kece, vakaidina, vua na Kalou.

Keimami sa dau vakalagilagia kece, vakaidina, na Kalou.

Keimami sa dau vakaraitaka kece, vakaidina, na neimami vakavinavinaka vua na Kalou.

Keimami sa dau yalovosota kece, vakaidina, e na vukuna na Kalou.

*(Ke vaka e yalewa o koya e mate me qai vosa o koya e masu tiko ka kaya: Sa i koya oqo na Nomuni vada ka luve ni Nomuni vada, ka qai muria ga na ka sa koto e cake. . . .)

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BB00018MAJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: All majesty and glory, O my God, and all dominion and light and grandeur and splendor be unto Thee.  Thou bestowest sovereignty on whom Thou willest and dost withhold it from whom Thou desirest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.  Thou art He Who createth from naught the universe and all that dwell therein. There is nothing worthy of Thee except Thyself, while all else but Thee are as outcasts in Thy holy presence and are as nothing when compared to the glory of Thine Own Being.
      Last:  * 1. Qur'án 6:103

  [2] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

  [3] AB08704NEW (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Bless Thou, O King of Kings, the city of New York!  Cause the friends there to be kind to one another.  Purify their souls and make their hearts to be free and detached.  Illumine the world of their consciousness.  Exhilarate their spirits and bestow celestial power and confirmation upon them.  Establish there a heavenly realm, so that the City of Baha may prosper and New York be favoured with blessings from the Abha Kingdom, that this region may become like the all-highest Paradise, may develop into a vineyard of God and be transformed into a heavenly orchard and a spiritual rose garden.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[622] Prayer UUID: 4216cc44-a493-4601-b15b-d2614c21178e

FULL TEXT (ky):
Ó Bože! Ó Bože! Toto je vtáča so zlomeným krídlom a letí veľmi pomaly. Pomôž mu, aby mohlo vzlietnuť na vrcholok blahobytu a spasenia, s najväčšou radosťou a šťastím preletieť bezmedzný priestor, v Tvojom Zvrchovanom Mene nôtiť vo všetkých krajoch, rozveseliť sluch týmto volaním a  rozjasniť zrak pohľadom na znamenia vedenia.
Ó Pane! Som osamotený, opustený a nepatrný. Nemám podpory okrem Teba, žiadneho pomocníka okrem Teba a žiadnej opory okrem Teba. Utvrď ma v službe pre Teba, pomôž mi šíkmi Svojich anjelov, učiň ma víťazným pri šírení Tvojho Slova a umožni mi, aby som medzi Tvojimi stvoreniami prevrával Tvojou múdrosťou. Vskutku, Ty pomáhaš slabým, obraňuješ maličkých a vskutku Ty si Silný, Mocný a Neobmedzený.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [2] AB10685 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou most glorious Lord!  Make this little maidservant of Thine blessed and happy; cause her to be cherished at the threshold of Thy oneness, and let her drink deep from the cup of Thy love so that she may be filled with rapture and ecstasy and diffuse sweet-scented fragrance.  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

  [3] AB10492 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind lord!
      Last:  Thou art the Bestower, the All-Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[624] Prayer UUID: 4628412a-32ba-44ad-8404-e505032dc84f

FULL TEXT (ky):
О,Кудай! 0,Кудай!сенин алдыңда Канаты куш ушул,анын учуусу да жай;-гүлдөөнүн жана кутулуунун чокусуна карай ал уча алгыдай болсун үчүн ага жардам бер, чексиз мейкиндиктерге жогорку кубаныч жана шаттык менен анын учуусуна жол бер, Сенин эң улуу Ысмыңдын урматына анын обонун бардык аймактарга жеткир, ушул чындык менен угар кулагын жыргая жана көздөрүн жетекчиликтин жышаандарын көргөзүп жаркырат.

О, Теңир! Мен үй-бүлөөсүз, жалгыз, жетиммин. Сенин бөлөк, башка колдоо,Сенден тышкары,башка жардамчы,Сени эске албаганда, башка таяныч менде жок.Сага кызмат кылууда мага күч бер, Өзүңдүн бир топ периштелериңди мага жардамга жөнөт,Сенин Сөзүңдү жарыялоодо мага жеңишти тартуула,Сенин жараткандарыңдын арасында Сенин акылмандыгыңды кабарлоону мага ылайык көр. Акыйкатыңда, Сен ушул алсызга коргоочусуң, акыйкатыңда, Сен Башкаруучусуң, Куч-кубаттуусуң Тоскоолдукту сезбейт элең.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[625] Prayer UUID: 4963e190-908d-4006-befb-310e42405503

FULL TEXT (ky):
Ал Кудайдын өзү, көкөлөтүлгөн, ырайымдуулуктун жана жоомарттыктын Теңири!

О, айланайын Кудайым, Бардыгынан күч-кубаттуу Теңир, Сен даңктуу бол! Мен Сенини бардыгынан күч-кубаттуулугуң жана Сенин күчүң, Сенин өкүмчүлүгүң жана Сенин сүйкүмдүү камкордугуң, Сенин ак көңүлдүүлгүң жана Сенин бийлигиң, Сенин жападан жалгыз Жандыгың жана Сенин бөлүнгүс Маңызың, дүйнө тиричилигинин үстүндөгү жана анда эмне болсо, ошолордун бардыгынын үстүндөгү Сенин ыйыктыгың жана көкөлөгөндүгүң жөнүндө күбө өтөмүн.

О, менин Кудайым, Сени бекем кармап, Сенден бөлөк, бардык нерселерден менин аша кечкендигим жана Сенин жоомарттыгыңдын океанына карай, Сенин ырайыңдын асманына карай жана Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүңдүн Күндүзгү Жылдызына карай өзүмдүн жүзүмдү бургандыгымды Сен көрүп турасың.

Теңир! Мен Сенин кулуңду Сенин Ишенимиң менен Сенин үлүштөгөнүңөн жана дүйнөгө жашоону Сен кимге берсең, ошол Рухтун өзү экендигине күбө өтөмүн.

Сенин Ачылышыңдын Жарыгынын эң сонундугу менен – ал Сенин күндөрүңдө эмнеге жетишсе, ошонун бардыгын андан изги ниет менен кабыл ал, -деп Сенден сурайм. Сенин Ырайыңдын даңкынан алууга жана Сенин жагымдуулугуң менен жасалгаланууну ага ылайык көр.

О, айланайын Теңирим! Бардык жаратылгандар менен Сенин күч-кубаттуулугуң туурасында мен күбө өтөмүн жана Сенин көктөгү журтуңда, Сенин жогорудагы бейишиңде, Сенин жакындыгыңдын турагында, о, Сен, бардык адамдардын Теңири, Сага карай көкөлөтүлгөн ошол рухту четке түртпө, - деп Сага жалынамын!

О, айланайын Теңирим, кимдин же калеми, же тили баяндап берүүгө күчү келбеген Сенин көктөгү журтуңда болуп, Сенин тандалмаларың, Сенин касиеттүүлөрүң жана Сенин элчилериң менен пикир алышууга Сенин уруксат эт.

О, айланайын Теңирим! Ушул байкуш, акыйкатында, Сенин молчулугуңдун Падышачылыгына, ушул жолоочу- Сенин чектериңдеги өзүнүн үйүнө, ушул чаңкоочу – Сенин жоомарттыгыңдын көктөгү агынына умтулду. О, Теңир, Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүңдүн тоюндагы үлүштөн жана Сенин жоомарттыгыңдагы белектерден аны айырба. Сен, акыйкатында, Бардыгынан күч-кубаттуусуң, Ак көңүлсүң, Өтө жоомартсың.

О, кагылайын Кудайым! Сенин Ишенүүң Сага кайтарылган эле. Жердеги жана көктөгү Сенин ээлигиңди кучагына алуу, Сага келгендерге Сенин белектериң менен, Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүңдүн дарагынын сыйлыктары жана жемиштери менен үлөштүрүү Сенин ырайымдуулугуң жана Сенин жоомартыгыңа ылайык келет! Сенин эркиң боюнча жүзөгө ашырууга Сенин бийлигиң бар; Ырайымдуу, Бардыгынан жоомарт, Жан тартуучу, кайымдуу, Кечиримдүү, Сүйүктүү, Бардыгын жетектөөчү Сенден бөлөк, Кудай жок.

О, айланайын Теңирим, адамдарга меймандарына сый көрсөтүүгө Сен эмнени жазсаң, ал эми ким Сага карай көкөлөсө, ошол, акыйкатында, Сага жеткендигине жана Сенин Катышып отурууңа ээ болгондугуна күбө өтөмүн. Алар менен Сен ак көңүлдүүлүгүң жана жоомарттыгыңа жараша мамиле кыл! Сенин улуулугуң менен ант берем, Сенин кулдарыңдан Өзүң эмнени жазган болсоң, ошону Сенин токтотпой бере тургандыгыңды, ошондой эле Ким Сенин жоомарттыгыңдын учугунан кармап алса жана Сенин молчулугуңдун Күндүзгү Жарыгына карай көкөлөсө, ошону куру кайтарбастыгыңды накта мен билемин.

Бирдиктүү, Жападан жалгыз. Күч-кубаттуу, Бардыгын жетектөөчү, Бардыгынан жоомарт Сенден бөлөк, Кудай жок.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [2] BH03181 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Bestower, the Bounteous!
      Last:  And when He desired to manifest grace and beneficence to men, and to set the world in order, He revealed observances and created laws; among them He established the law of marriage, made it as a fortress for well-being and salvation, and enjoined it upon us in that which was sent down out of the heaven of sanctity in His Most Holy Book.  He saith, great is His glory: “Enter into wedlock, O people, that ye may bring forth one who will make mention of me amid My servants.  This is My bidding unto you; hold fast to it as an assistance to yourselves.”

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[627] Prayer UUID: 49b0b666-c75b-4765-8939-fb3b32f65cc0

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, Кудай, айланайын Кудайым, менин кайгымды Сенин белектериң жана Сенин жоомарттыгың менен тарат. Менин сагынычымды Сенин Күч-кубаттың жана Сенин күчүң менен кубала. О, менин Кудайым, мен тараптан кырсыктар менен курчалган кезде ушул саатта менин Сага карай кандайча жүзүмдү бурганымды Сен көрүп тарусың, бардык жандардын Теңири, адамдардын жүрөктөрүн жана жан дүйнөсүн Сен багындырган Сенин ысмың менен, ошондой эле Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүңдүн Океанынын толкундары менен, Сенин жоомарттыгыңдын Күндүзгү Жылдыздарынын жаркырагы менен Сага айтсам: о, бардык Ысымдардын Теңири жана асандарыдн жаратуучусу, кимге Сага карай өзүнүн ажарын бурууга эч нерсе жолтоо кылбаса, мени ошолордун катарында сана, - деп Сага сыйынам.

О, айланайын Теңирим, Сенин күндөрүңдө мына башка түштү, Сен көрүп турасың. Ким Сенин ысымдарыңдын Таңынын жана Сенин сапаттарыңдын Чыгышынын өзү болсо, Ошонун ысмы менен Сага кызмат кылууга көтөрүүлүгө жана Сенин жакшы жактарыңды көкөлөтө мактоого мага эмне жардам берсе, ошону мен үчүн аныкта, - деп Сага сыйынам. Сен, акыйкатында, Бардыгынан күч-кубаттуусуң, бардык адамдардын сыйынууларына жооп берген Өтө күчтүүсүң.

Ошентип, акыр-аягында, Сенин ажарыңдын жарыгы менен: менин Иштериме ак батаңды бер, менин карыздарымдан кутулт жана менин жокчулугумда мага бер, - деп Сенден суранам. Сенин күчүң жана Сенин үстөмдүгүң туурасында ар кандай тилдер күбө өтөт, Сенин улуулугуңду жана Сенин өкүмчүүлүңдү ар кандай акыл-эстүү жүрөк тааныйт. Ким назар салып жана жооп берсе, Ошондон, Сенден бөлөк Кудай жок.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH09874 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! Every man of insight confesseth Thy sovereignty and Thy dominion, and every discerning eye perceiveth the greatness of Thy majesty and the compelling power of Thy might. The winds of tests are powerless to hold back them that enjoy near access to Thee from setting their faces towards the horizon of Thy glory, and the tempests of trials must fail to draw away and hinder such as are wholly devoted to Thy will from approaching Thy court.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my God, by them and by the sighs which their hearts utter in their separation from Thee, to keep them safe from the mischief of Thine adversaries, and to nourish their souls with what Thou hast ordained for Thy loved ones on whom shall come no fear and who shall not be put to grief.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[628] Prayer UUID: 4cf69584-5fd8-4853-b98c-d5fac2834fb9

FULL TEXT (ky):
*Скрижаль Бахаулланын жана Бабдын Ыйык жайында окулат. Аны ошодой эле Алардын жылдыгынын күндөрүндө да окулат.

Сенин эң улуу Маңызыңдан чыккандыгыңа алкоо, ошондой эле Сенин өтө нуру төгүлгөн Сулуулугуңдун жарк этишине даңк, ылайым, Сенден боло берсин, Ким Эң сонундуктун Көрүнүшүнүн өзү, Түбөлүктүүлүктүн Падышасы жана көк менен жердеги бардык жандардын Теңири болсо, ошол, о, Сен, Кудайдын өкүмчүүлүгү жана Анын үстөмдүгү, Кудайдын улуулугу жана Анын Эң сонундугу Сен аркылуу келген болучу, ошондой эле азелтеден бери Түбөлүктүү жаркыроонун Күндүзгү Жылдыздары өзүнүн нурларын көктөгү Сенин бузулгус буйругуңду жөнөтүп жатат, ошондой эле жаратылгандардын көз чөйчөгүнүн үстүндө Көрүнбөстүн сулуулугу жагылды, -деп күбө өтөмүн. Анан да Сенин Калемиңдин бир шилтеми менен “Болсун!” деген буйрук аткарылгандыгына, ошондой эле Кудайдын Касиеттүү сыры айтылгандыгына, бардык жаралгандардын жарыкка келгендигине, бардык Ачылыштадын төмөн жөнөтүлгөндүгүнө күбө өтөмүн.

Дагы Сенин Сулуулугуң аркылууу Сүйгөнүңдүн сулуулугунун ачылгандыгына, ошондой эле Сенин ажарың аркылуу Эңсегендин ажарынын жаркырагандыгына, Сенин өзүң аркылуу кимде-ким Сага, даңктын Чокусуна берилген болсо, ошолорду көкөлөтүп, ал эми динсиздерди өтө терең түпсүз туңгуюкка түшүрүп, бардык жаратылгандарга калыстык кылып жаткандыгына күбө өтөмүн.

Сени билгендердин Кудайды билгендигине, ал эми Сенин катышып отурууңа жетишкендердин Кудайдын катышып отуруусуна жетишкендигине күбө өтөмүн. Ошондуктан кимде-ким Сенин өкүмчүлүгүңдүн алдында өзүн моюн сундурса, кимде-ким Сени менен жолугушуу сыйына татыктуу болсо, жана Сенин ырайыңа ээ болсо, Кимде-ким Сенин аймагыңа барса жана Сенин тактыңдын алдына турса, ошолорго, Сага жана Сенин жышаандарыңа ишенгендерге улуу ырахат. Бирок кимде-ким Сага каршы күнөө жасаса, ошондой эле Сени четке какса, Сенин ыйык жышаандарыңды кайтарса, Сенин өкүлчүлүгүңө чыкса Сага каршы куралданып чыкса, Сенин ажарыңдын алдында текеберчилиги аткарылса, Сенин күбөлүгүңө каршы талашып чыкса, Сенин үстөмдүгүңдүн жана Сенин бийлигиңден качса, ошого, ошондой эле кимдердин ысымдары Сенин касиеттүү жазмаларыңда (скрижаларыңда), буйругуңдун манжалары менен жазылса, ошолордун катарында саналган динсиздерге азап.

О, айланайын Кудайым, жана менин Сүйгөнүм, алар мени өзүмдөн өзүм баш Тарткыдай Болуум үчүн Сенин ырайымдуулугуңдун колдорунан жана Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүңдүн касиеттүү желарысындагы Сенин назик камкордугуңан жана ушул дүйнөдөн, ылайым, мага жел соксун жана Сенин жакындыгыңдын жана Сенин катышып отурууңдун сарайына тартылышсын. Сага эмне ылайык келсе, жүзөгө ашырууга Сен эрктүүсүң. Акыйкатында, Сен бардык жандуулардан ашыкча жогорусуң.

Кудайды эске алуу жана Аны мактоо, Кудайдын даңкы жана Анын эң сонундугу, ылайым, Сенде болсун, кимде-ким Анын Сулуулугунун өзү болсо, ошол о, Сен! Жаратылгандардын каректери Сен сыяктуу ушунчалык куугунтук жегенди эч качан көрбөгүндүгүнө күбө өтөмүн. Сенин жашооңдун бардык күндөрүндө Сен кырсыктардын айлампасында чөгөрүлүп келдиң. Өткөн замандарда Сен чынжырда жана кишендерде болдуң, кээ бир учурларда Сенин душмандарыңдын кылычы Сага карай көтөрүлдү. Ошентсе да, муну тоотпой, кимде-ким Бардыгын жетектөөчү, Ашыкча акылман болсо, Ошол тарабынан Сага буйрулгандарды аткарууга Сен бардык адамдарга буйрук.

Ылайым, Менин рухум Сен башыңдан өткөргөн ошол кыйынчылыктар үчүн куткарып алуу акысы болсун. Сенин ысмың менин жана кимдердин жүздөрү Сенин ажарыңдын жарыгынын жаркырашынан шоокумданса, ошондой эле кимде-ким Сага карай сүйүүнүн урматына алар үчүн буйрулгандардын бар Дыгын аткарса, ошолордун ысымдары менен: Сени жана Сенин жараткандарыңды эмне болуп тарса, көшөгөлөрдү сыйры, ошондой эле ушул дүйнөнөгү жана келечектеги дүйнөнөнүнжакшылыктары менен мени үлүштө,-деп Кудайга сыйынам. Акыйкатыңда, Сен бардыгынан Кү-кубаттусуң, Өтө көкөлөтүлгөнсүң, Бардагынан даңктуусуң, Түбөлүк Кечиримдүүсүң, Өтө жан тартуучусуң.

О, Тенирим, айланайын Кудаыйм, Кудайлык Лотос Дарагына, ошондой эле анын жалбырактарына, чоң да кичине да, бутуктарыңа, анын бүчүрлөрүнө, анан да,сабактарына Сенин артыкчылыктуу Ысымдарың жашай турган жана ошондон Сенин өтө улуу көрүнүшүң кылымдардан кылымдарга создуккан Ак батаңдын бер. Аны тартып алууга аракет кылуучунун арамза айла-амалдарынан жана тирандыктын жер майышкан колдорунан сакта. Сен, акыйкатыңда, Бардыгынан күчтүүсүң, бардыгынан кудурктүүсүң.

О, Теңир, айланайын Кудайым,ошондой эле кимде ким сени табышса, ошол Сенин кулдарыңа жана күндөрүңө Ак батаңды бер. Сен, акыйкатыңда, ошол ак көңүлдүүлүгү чексиз, Бардыгынан жоомартсың. Түбөлүк кечиричүү, Өтө жоомарт Сенден бөлөк, башка Кудай жок.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH02307 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *(This Tablet is read at the Shrines of Bahá’u’lláh and the Báb. It is also frequently used in commemorating Their anniversaries.)
      Last:  Bless Thou, O Lord my God, the Divine Lote-Tree and its leaves, and its boughs, and its branches, and its stems, and its offshoots, as long as Thy most excellent titles will endure and Thy most august attributes will last.  Protect it, then, from the mischief of the aggressor and the hosts of tyranny.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.  Bless Thou, also, O Lord my God, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens who have attained unto Thee.  Thou, truly, art the All-Bountiful, Whose grace is infinite.  No God is there save Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[629] Prayer UUID: 4e273bcf-71f8-474d-96ed-2ec9a1f28363

FULL TEXT (ky):
Ар кандай учурда жыйындар залына кирип, ушул кичени Кудайга карата сүйүүдөн улам санаасы тынбаган жүрөк менен, ошондой эле силерге жогорку жеңишке жетүүгө Бардыгын кармап туруучу ак көңүлдүүлүк менен жардам бергидей болсун үчүн, Ал туурасында эске алуулардан тышкары бардык нерселерден тазаланган тил менен окугула.

О, Кудай, жараткан Кудайым! Биз ушул даңктуу Күнү,Сенден бөлөк, бардык башка нерселерден баш тартып,Сенин Ыйык Ажарыңа карай берилип кайрылган Сенин кызматчыларыңбыз. Биз ушул Рух Жыйынына, көз караштарында жана ойлорунда бир тилектеш болгондор, бир гана-адамдардын арасында Сенин Сөздөрүңдү көкөлөтүү максаты менен чогулуп отурабыз.О,Теңир,биздин Кудай! Бизди Сенин Кудайлык Жетекчилигиңдин белгилери, адамдар арасындагы Сенин көкөлөтүлгөн Ишенимиңдин Асабалары, Сенин күч-кубаттуу Осуятыңдын кызматчылары, ошондой эле, о биздин Бардыгынан жогорку Теңирибиз, Сенин Абха Падышачылыгыңдагы Сенин Кудайлык Бирдигиңдин кубулуштары жана бардык. өрөөндөрдүн үстүндө жаркыраган нурлуу жылдыздары кыл.Теңир! Бизди Сенин таңданткан Жыргальңдын жогору көтөрүлгөн толкундуу деңиздерин, Сенин бардыгынан даңктуу Бийиктигиңден сызылып аккан агындарын, сенин көктөгү Иштериңди Дарагындагы жагымдуу жемиштериң, Сенин ыйык Жүзүмзарыңдагы Сенин Жоомарттыгыңдын желаргысынан улам термелген сабактарың болууга жардам бер. О, Кудай! Биздин жан дүйнөлөрүбүздү Сенин Кудайлык Бирдигиңдин ырлары менен каныктыр, биз бир деңиздин толкундары сыяктуу бириге, ошондой эле Сенин жаркыраган Жарыгыңдын нурлары сыяктуу төгүлө алгыдай, биздин ойлорубуз, биздин көз караштарыбыз, биздин сезимдерибиз бардык дүйнө жүзү боюнча ынтымактын руху болуп эсептелген бирдиктүү маңызы катары кала алгыдай болсун үчүн биздин жүрөктөрүбүздү Сенин Жыргалыңдын чечилип айтылган сырлары менен кубант. Сен Жакшылыктуусуң, Жоомартсың, Сыйкорсуң, Бардыгынан күч-кубаттуусуң, Ырайымдуусуң, Жан тартуучусуң.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00787SPL (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, O Thou Who hast cast Thy splendor over the luminous realities of men, shedding upon them the resplendent lights of knowledge and guidance, and hast chosen them out of all created things for this supernal grace, and hast caused them to encompass all things, to understand their inmost essence, and to disclose their mysteries, bringing them forth out of darkness into the visible world! “He verily showeth His special mercy to whomsoever He will.”¹
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 55:19-22.

  [2] AB00687SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou, my God, Who guidest the seeker to the pathway that leadeth aright, Who deliverest the lost and blinded soul out of the wastes of perdition, Thou Who bestowest upon the sincere great bounties and favors, Who guardest the frightened within Thine impregnable refuge, Who answerest, from Thine all-highest horizon, the cry of those who cry out unto Thee.  Praised be Thou, O my Lord!  Thou hast guided the distracted out of the death of unbelief, and hast brought those who draw nigh unto Thee to the journey's goal, and hast rejoiced the assured among Thy servants by granting them their most cherished desires, and hast, from Thy Kingdom of beauty, opened before the faces of those who yearn after Thee the gates of reunion, and hast rescued them from the fires of deprivation and loss—so that they hastened unto Thee and gained Thy presence, and arrived at Thy welcoming door, and received of gifts an abundant share.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Ever-Giving, the Precious, the Most Bountiful.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Exalted, the Victorious.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[630] Prayer UUID: 4ef1c44ec741

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB08704NEW (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Bless Thou, O King of Kings, the city of New York!  Cause the friends there to be kind to one another.  Purify their souls and make their hearts to be free and detached.  Illumine the world of their consciousness.  Exhilarate their spirits and bestow celestial power and confirmation upon them.  Establish there a heavenly realm, so that the City of Baha may prosper and New York be favoured with blessings from the Abha Kingdom, that this region may become like the all-highest Paradise, may develop into a vineyard of God and be transformed into a heavenly orchard and a spiritual rose garden.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[631] Prayer UUID: 4f0f80be0064

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [2] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

  [3] BH09874 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! Every man of insight confesseth Thy sovereignty and Thy dominion, and every discerning eye perceiveth the greatness of Thy majesty and the compelling power of Thy might. The winds of tests are powerless to hold back them that enjoy near access to Thee from setting their faces towards the horizon of Thy glory, and the tempests of trials must fail to draw away and hinder such as are wholly devoted to Thy will from approaching Thy court.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my God, by them and by the sighs which their hearts utter in their separation from Thee, to keep them safe from the mischief of Thine adversaries, and to nourish their souls with what Thou hast ordained for Thy loved ones on whom shall come no fear and who shall not be put to grief.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[632] Prayer UUID: 5040e776b222

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00100EXI (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O God! Thou art the God Who hath existed before all things, Who will exist after all things and will last beyond all things. Thou art the God Who knoweth all things, and is supreme over all things. Thou art the God Who dealeth mercifully with all things, Who judgeth between all things and Whose vision embraceth all things. Thou art God my Lord, Thou art aware of my position, Thou dost witness my inner and outer being.
      Last:  Grant Thy forgiveness unto me and unto the believers who responded to Thy Call. Be Thou my sufficing helper against the mischief of whosoever may desire to inflict sorrow upon me or wish me ill. Verily, Thou art the Lord of all created things. Thou dost suffice everyone, while no one can be self-sufficient without Thee.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[633] Prayer UUID: 505fa047-2833-4bee-8722-36525bb65f2c

FULL TEXT (ky):
O Alla, Alla tiegħi! Imla għalija il-bieqja tal-firda minn kollox, u fil-ġemgħa ta’ dwaleK u għotjieteK, ferraħni bl-inbid ta’ l-imħabba lejK. Eħlisni mill-ħebb tal-passjoni u x-xewqa, kissirli l-manetti ta’ din id-dinja taħtana, iġbidni imsaħħar lejn saltnateK fuqana, u ġeddidni fost il-qaddejja b’nifsijiet qdusiteK.

O Sid, dawwalli Inti wiċċi bid-dwal ta’ għotjieteK,  ixgħelli għajnejja bil-ħars fuq l-egħliem ta’ setgħeteK li tagħleb kollox; għaxxaqli ’l qalbi bil-glorja ta’ għarfienek li jisboq kollox, ferraħli Inti ruħi bi ħbarijieteK jaħju ta’ hena kbir, O Int Sultan ta’din id-dinja u tas-Saltna fuq, O Inti Sid ta’ ħakma u setgħa, biex inkun nista’ nxerred egħliemeK u għotjieteK, u nxandar il- Kawża tiegħeK, u mmexxi Tagħlimek, u naqdi il-Liġi tiegħeK u ngħolli il-Kelma tiegħeK.

Inti, fis-sewwa, is-Setgħani, li Tagħti-Dejjem, il-Ħili, li Tista’ Kollox.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [2] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [3] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

  [4] BH09874 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! Every man of insight confesseth Thy sovereignty and Thy dominion, and every discerning eye perceiveth the greatness of Thy majesty and the compelling power of Thy might. The winds of tests are powerless to hold back them that enjoy near access to Thee from setting their faces towards the horizon of Thy glory, and the tempests of trials must fail to draw away and hinder such as are wholly devoted to Thy will from approaching Thy court.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my God, by them and by the sighs which their hearts utter in their separation from Thee, to keep them safe from the mischief of Thine adversaries, and to nourish their souls with what Thou hast ordained for Thy loved ones on whom shall come no fear and who shall not be put to grief.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[634] Prayer UUID: 510b14f5-84a4-494e-8826-00330f4bc590

FULL TEXT (ky):
* Prednáša sa raz za dvadsaťštyri Hodín

* Ak si želáte predniesť túto modlitbu, postavte sa a obráťte sa k Bohu. Stojac na mieste, podívajte sa vpravo a vľavo, sťaby očakávajúc milosrdenstvo svojho Pána, Najmilosrdnejšieho, Súcitného. Potom rieknite:

Ó Ty, ktorý si Pán všetkých mien a Tvorca nebies! Úpenlivo Ťa prosím pri Tých, ktorí sú Úsvitom Tvojej neviditeľnej Podstaty, Najvznešenejší, nadovšetko Slávny, aby si z mojej modlitby učinil oheň, ktorý spáli závoje oddelivšie ma od Tvojej krásy, a svetlo, ktoré ma dovedie k oceánu Tvojej prítomnosti.

* Potom v úprimnej prosbe pozdvihnite ruky k Bohu (Nech je požehnaný a povznesený!) a rieknite:

Ó Ty, Túžba sveta a Milovaný národov! Vidíš ma, ako sa k Tebe obraciam, že som pozbavený všetkých pút ku komukoľvek okrem Teba a ľnem k Tvojmu lanu, ktorého pohyb rozochvel celé stvorenie. Som Tvojím služobníkom, ó môj Pane, a synom Tvojho služobníka. Podívaj sa, ako tu stojím a som pripravený vykonávať Tvoju vôľu a Tvoje priania, pričom netúžim po inom než po Tvojej spokojnosti. Pri Oceáne Tvojho milosrdenstva a Dennici Tvojej milosti Ťa úpenlivo žiadam, aby si so Svojím služobníkom zaobchádzal, ako si želáš a praješ. Pri Tvojej moci, ktorá zďaleka presahuje každú zmienku a chválu! Srdcu sa mi žiada a duša mi miluje všetko, čo si zjavil. Ó Bože, môj Bože! Nehľaď na moje nádeje a konanie! Radšej pohliadni na Svoju vôľu, ktorá obklopuje nebesia i zem. Pri Tvojom Najväčšom mene, ó Ty, Pán všetkých národov! Túžil som len po tom, čo bolo Tvojou túžbou, a milujem len to, čo miluješ Ty.

* Potom pokľaknite, čelom sa skloňte k zemi, a tak rieknite:

Si povznesený nad hocičí popis s výnimkou Svojho vlastného a nad každé pochopenie okrem Svojho vlastného.

* Potom sa postavte a rieknite:

Moju modlitbu, ó môj Pane, učiň žriedlom živých vôd, vďaka ktorým budem môcť žiť, pokiaľ len pretrvá Tvoje mocnárstvo, a budem Ťa môcť spomínať v každom svete z Tvojich svetov.

* Potom pozdvihnite ruky v úprimnej prosbe a rieknite:

Ó Ty, od ktorého odlúčenie rozľútostilo srdcia i duše a ktorého lásky ohňom vzbĺkol celý svet! Úpenlivo Ťa žiadam pri Tvojom mene, skrze ktoré si si podmanil celé stvorenie, aby si mi neuprel to, čo vlastníš, ó Ty, ktorý vládneš nad všetkými ľuďmi! Vidíš, ó môj Pane, ako sa tento neznámy ponáhľa do svojho najvznešenejšieho domova pod baldachýnom Tvojej majestátnosti a na nádvorí Tvojho milosrdenstva, ako tento previnilec hľadá oceán Tvojho odpustenia, tento ponížený dvor Tvojej slávy a tento biedny tvor lesk Tvojho bohatstva. K Tvojej právomoci prináleží prikazovať čokoľvek, čo si zaželáš. Dosvedčujem, že Ťa za Tvoje konanie treba chváliť, že Tvoje nariadenia treba poslúchať a že vo Svojich príkazoch budeš i naďalej neobmedzený.

* Potom pozdvihnite ruky a trikrát zopakujte Najväčšie meno. Potom sa pred Bohom (Nech je požehnaný a povznesený!) predkloňte rukami spočívajúc na kolenách a rieknite:

Vidíš, ó môj Bože, ako sa mi duch rozochvel v údoch a v končatinách túžiac po tom, aby Ťa uctieval, a bažiac po tom, aby Ťa spomínal a vychvaľoval Ťa. Vidíš, ako dosvedčuje to, čo v kráľovstve Tvojho prehovoru a nebi Tvojho poznania dosvedčil Jazyk Tvojho prikázania. V tomto stave by som si Ťa dovolil poprosiť o všetko, čo Ti patrí, aby som mohol preukázať svoju chudobu a blahorečiť Tvoju štedrosť a Tvoje bohatstvo a aby som mohol oznámiť svoju bezmocnosť a prejavovať Tvoju moc a Tvoju silu.

* Potom sa vzpriamte, dvakrát pozdvihnite ruky v úprimnej prosbe a rieknite:

Niet Boha okrem Teba, nadovšetko Mocného, nadovšetko Štedrého. Niet Boha okrem Teba, Príkazcu i na počiatku, i na konci. Ó Bože, môj Bože! Tvoje odpustenie mi dodalo odvahy, Tvoje milosrdenstvo ma posilnilo, Tvoje volanie ma prebudilo a Tvoja milosť ma pozdvihla a zaviedla k Tebe. Veď inak ktože som, aby som sa odvážil stáť pri bráne mesta Tvojej blízkosti či aby som upriamil tvár ku svetlám žiariacim z neba Tvojej vôle? Vidíš, ó môj Pane, ako toto úbohé stvorenie klope na dvercia Tvojej milosti a ako táto pominuteľná duša z rúk Tvojej štedrosti hľadá rieku večného života. Tebe sa navždy patrí prikazovať, ó Ty, ktorý si Pán všetkých mien, a mne sa patrí odovzdať a ochotne sa podriadiť Tvojej vôli, ó Stvoriteľu nebies!

* Potom trikrát pozdvihnite ruky a rieknite:

Významnejší je Boh než ktokoľvek významný!

* Potom pokľaknite, čelom sa skloňte k zemi a tak rieknite:

Si príliš vysoko na to, aby chvála tých, ktorí sú Ti nablízku, vystúpila na nebo Tvojej blízkosti, či aby vtáčatá sŕdc tých, ktorí sú Ti oddaní, dospeli ku dverciam Tvojej brány. Dosvedčujem, že si povznesený nado všetky prídomky a svätý nado všetky mená. Niet Boha okrem Teba, Najvznešenejšieho, nadovšetko Slávneho.

* Potom sa posaďte a rieknite:

Dosvedčujem to, čo dosvedčilo všetko stvorené i Zhromaždenie na výsostiach, i obyvatelia najvyššieho raja, ba navyše i samotný Jazyk veľkoleposti z najslávnejšieho Obzoru, že Ty si Boh, že niet iného Boha okrem Teba a že Ten, kto sa prejavil, je Skrytá záhada, Drahocenný symbol, prostredníctvom ktorého sa písmeno B spojilo a zopälo s písmenom U a Ď (buď). Dosvedčujem, že Pero Najvyššieho stanovilo práve Jeho meno a že práve On sa spomína v knihách Boha, Pána Trónu na výsostiach i dolu na zemi.

* Potom stojte vzpriamene a rieknite:

Ó Pane celého bytia a Vlastník všetkého viditeľného i neviditeľného! Vnímaš moje slzy a vzdychy, ktoré vydávam, a slyšíš vzlyky, nárek a plač môjho srdca. Pri Tvojej moci! Moje prehrešky mi zabránili v tom, aby som sa Ti priblížil, a moje hriechy ma zdržali ďaleko od dvora Tvojej svätosti. Tvoja láska, ó môj Pane, ma obohatila, odlúčenie od Teba ma zahubilo a oddialenie od Teba ma pohltilo. Nástojčivo Ťa prosím pri Tvojich stopách v tejto pustatine a pri slovách: „Tu som! Tu som!“ ktoré v tejto šírave vyslovili Tvoji vyvolení, a pri dychu Tvojho zjavenia a jemnom vetríku Úsvitu Tvojho Prejavu, daj, aby som mohol uzrieť Tvoju krásu a dodržiavať všetko, čo je v Tvojej knihe.

* Potom trikrát zopakujte Najväčšie meno a predkloňte sa rukami spočívajúc na kolenách a rieknite:

Buď pochválený, ó môj Bože, za to, že si mi pomohol, aby som Ťa spomínal a chválil, a za to, že si mi dal spoznať Toho, kto je Úsvitom Tvojich znamení, a učinil si, že som sa poklonil pred Tvojou Výsosťou, pokoril pred Tvojím Božstvom a že som uznal to, čo vyslovil Jazyk Tvojej veľkoleposti.

* Potom sa narovnajte a rieknite:

Ó Bože, môj Bože! Chrbát sa mi prehýba pod bremenom hriechov a moja nedbalosť ma zahubila. Vždy, keď sa zamyslím nad svojimi zlými činmi a Tvojou zhovievavosťou, srdce sa mi rozľútostí a krv mi vrie v žilách. Pri Tvojej Kráse, ó Ty, Túžba sveta! Hanbím sa pozdvihnúť k Tebe tvár a roztúžené ruky sa mi ostýchajú napriahnuť k nebu Tvojej štedrosti. Vidíš, ó môj Bože, ako mi slzy bránia v tom, aby som Ťa spomínal a vychvaľoval Tvoje cnosti, ó Ty, Pán Trónu na výsostiach i dolu na zemi! Úpenlivo Ťa žiadam pri znameniach Tvojho kráľovstva a tajomstvách Tvojho panstva, aby si so Svojimi milovanými zaobchádzal tak, ako sa patrí Tvojej štedrosti, ó Pane celého bytia, a ako je hodno Tvojej milosti, ó Kráľu videného i nevideného.

* Potom trikrát zopakujte Najväčšie meno, pokľaknite a čelom sa skloňte k zemi a rieknite:

Buď pochválený, ó náš Bože, za to, že si nám zoslal to, čo nás k Tebe približuje a poskytuje nám všetko dobré, čo si zoslal vo Svojich knihách a písmach. Úpenlivo Ťa prosíme, ó môj Pane, ochraňuj nás pred prívalom planých výmyslov a márnych predstáv. V pravde, Ty si Mocný, Vševediaci.

* Potom zdvihnite hlavu, sadnite si a rieknite:

Dosvedčujem Tvoju jednotu a Tvoju jedinosť a to, že Ty si Boh a že niet iného Boha okrem Teba. Vskutku, zjavil si Svoju vec, naplnil Svoju Zmluvu a dokorán otvoril dvercia Svojej milosti pre všetkých, ktorí prebývajú na nebesiach i na zemi. Požehnanie a pokoj, pozdrav a sláva nech spočinú na Tvojich milovaných, ktorých zmeny a náhody sveta neodradili od toho, aby sa k Tebe obrátili, a ktorí venovali úplne všetko, čo mali, v nádeji, že získajú to, čo Ti patrí. Ty si v pravde, nadovšetko Odpúšťajúci, nadovšetko Štedrý.

*(Bude postačujúce, keby ste sa namiesto dlhého verša rozhodli vyrieknuť len tieto slová: „Boh dosvedčuje, že niet iného Boha okrem Neho, Pomocníka v nebezpečí, Sebedostačujúceho.“ A rovnako postačí, keby ste sa v sede rozhodli vyriecť tieto slová: „Dosvedčujem Tvoju jednotu a Tvoju jedinosť a to, že Ty si Boh a že niet iného Boha okrem Teba.“)

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (9 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [2] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [3] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [4] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [5] AB00094WEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let whosoever travels to different parts to teach, peruse over mountain, desert, land and sea this supplication.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Most Merciful of the merciful.

  [6] AB00787SPL (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, O Thou Who hast cast Thy splendor over the luminous realities of men, shedding upon them the resplendent lights of knowledge and guidance, and hast chosen them out of all created things for this supernal grace, and hast caused them to encompass all things, to understand their inmost essence, and to disclose their mysteries, bringing them forth out of darkness into the visible world! “He verily showeth His special mercy to whomsoever He will.”¹
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 55:19-22.

  [7] BH03181 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Bestower, the Bounteous!
      Last:  And when He desired to manifest grace and beneficence to men, and to set the world in order, He revealed observances and created laws; among them He established the law of marriage, made it as a fortress for well-being and salvation, and enjoined it upon us in that which was sent down out of the heaven of sanctity in His Most Holy Book.  He saith, great is His glory: “Enter into wedlock, O people, that ye may bring forth one who will make mention of me amid My servants.  This is My bidding unto you; hold fast to it as an assistance to yourselves.”

  [8] AB00687SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou, my God, Who guidest the seeker to the pathway that leadeth aright, Who deliverest the lost and blinded soul out of the wastes of perdition, Thou Who bestowest upon the sincere great bounties and favors, Who guardest the frightened within Thine impregnable refuge, Who answerest, from Thine all-highest horizon, the cry of those who cry out unto Thee.  Praised be Thou, O my Lord!  Thou hast guided the distracted out of the death of unbelief, and hast brought those who draw nigh unto Thee to the journey's goal, and hast rejoiced the assured among Thy servants by granting them their most cherished desires, and hast, from Thy Kingdom of beauty, opened before the faces of those who yearn after Thee the gates of reunion, and hast rescued them from the fires of deprivation and loss—so that they hastened unto Thee and gained Thy presence, and arrived at Thy welcoming door, and received of gifts an abundant share.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Ever-Giving, the Precious, the Most Bountiful.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Exalted, the Victorious.

  [9] BH02307 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *(This Tablet is read at the Shrines of Bahá’u’lláh and the Báb. It is also frequently used in commemorating Their anniversaries.)
      Last:  Bless Thou, O Lord my God, the Divine Lote-Tree and its leaves, and its boughs, and its branches, and its stems, and its offshoots, as long as Thy most excellent titles will endure and Thy most august attributes will last.  Protect it, then, from the mischief of the aggressor and the hosts of tyranny.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.  Bless Thou, also, O Lord my God, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens who have attained unto Thee.  Thou, truly, art the All-Bountiful, Whose grace is infinite.  No God is there save Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[635] Prayer UUID: 52fc26bd-dce8-432f-a391-a0bd2fb3f8d4

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, жакшы ниеттүү жараткан! Сен бардык адамзатты бир тамырдан чыгардың. Сен бардыгын бирдиктүү бир үй-бүлөгө таандык экендигин аныктадың. Сен барда Сенин бардык кулдарыңдын негизи өзүңүкү, бүтүндөй адамзат тукуму Сенин Башпаанаңдан баш калкалар жай табышты, бардыгы Сенин Жоомарт Жайыл дасторхонуңа чогулушту, ошондой эле бардыгы Сенин Кудуреттүү Жарыгыңдын шоокумуна бөлөнүштү.

О, Кудай! Сен бардыгына мээримдүүсүң, Сен бардыгына кайрымдуусуң, бардыгын кымтылайсың, бардыгына өмүр тартуулайсың. Бардыгына Сен талант жана жөндөм Үлөштүрдү, ошондой эле бардыгы Сенин Ырайымдуулугуңдун океанына чөгөрүлүштү.

О, жакшылыктуу Теңир! Бардык элди бириктир, Ылайым бүткүл жер жүзү-бүткүл элдин бир Үйүндөй болуп, элдер бирин-бири бир үй-бүлөдөгүдөй санашсын бардый диндер макулдукка келип, бир динге бириксин да бардык элдер бир элге кошулсун, Ылайым, алар бирге эң сонун ынтымакта жашашсын.

О, Кудай! Элдердин биримдигинин туусун көкөлөт.

О, Кудай! Улуу тынчтыкты орнот!

О, Кудай, бардык жүрөктөрдү бирге байла.

О, Кудай, о, ак көңүлдүү Ата! Биздин жүрөктөрүбүздү Сенин сүйүүңдүн жыпар жыты менен кубант! Биздин көздөрүбүздү Сенин жетекчилигиңдин жарыгы менен шоокумдант! Биздин кулагыбызды Сенин Сөзүңдүн музыкасы менен жыргат жана биздин бардыгыбызды өзүң өндүргөндөрдүн маанегине калкала.

Сен кудуреттүүсүң жана кубаттуусуң, Сен күнөөлөрдү кечиресиң; адамдар жеткилбеген болсо, Сен көүүлгө албайсың.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

  [2] ABU0095KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou forgiving God! These servants are turning to Thy kingdom and seeking Thy grace and bounty. O God! Make their hearts good and pure in order that they may become worthy of Thy love. Purify and sanctify the spirits that the light of the Sun of Reality may shine upon them. Purify and sanctify the eyes that they may perceive Thy light. Purify and sanctify the ears in order that they may hear the call of Thy kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Powerful the Omnipotent, the Merciful, and Thou art the Generous, the Beneficent, the Lord of grace abounding.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[636] Prayer UUID: 5601fc8a4a7d

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00074BLE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: Blessed is the Spot
      First: Blessed is the spot, and the house,
      Last:  and His praise glorified.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[637] Prayer UUID: 5bf78b07-b51e-4d23-a20e-b7cd06875d12

FULL TEXT (ky):
Mo ni sa vakatubura mada e lomaqu e dua na yalo sa savasava Sara, O i Kemuni na noqu Kalou, ka Mo ni sa vakavoutaka na vakacegu ni noqu lewa e loma, Oi Kemuni na noqu i Nuinui! E na Nomuni kaukauwa vakayalo Mo ni sa vakadeitaki au mada e na Nomuni Cakacaka, O i Kemuni na noqu Ka Talei duadua, kei na rarama ni Nomuni lagilagi, Mo ni sa vakavotukanataka mai kina vei au na Nomuni gaunisala, O i Kemuni na i Naki vuni ni noqu gagadre! Mai na kaukauwa ni Nomuni igu cecere vaKalou Mo ni sa laveti au cake mada kina ki na lomalagi ni Nomuni veika vakayalo, O i Kemuni na Vu ni noqu bula, ka vakamarautaki au e na cagi mudre ka liwa e na Nomuni veigauna sa tawamudu, O i Kemuni ga O ni sa noqu Kalou! Ni laiva na rorogo kamikamica ka sega ni oti rawa e tu vei Kemuni me sa bau curumi au e na i rorogo ni veivakacegui, O i Kemuni na noqu i Tokani, ka Mo ni laiva na veivakatakilakila ni tukutuku talei ka Saluaki ni Nomuni i tutu sa sega ni vakacalai rawa me kauta mai vei au na marau, O i Kemuni ga O Koya sa vakaraitaki votu ka cecere duadua mai vei ira kece era sa vakaraitaki votu kei na ka vuni duadua mai vei ira na veika vuni kece ga!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (6 options):

  [1] AB09794CHI (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  I am a child; enable me to grow beneath the shadow of Thy loving-kindness.  I am a tender plant; cause me to be nurtured through the outpourings of the clouds of Thy bounty.  I am a sapling of the garden of love; make me into a fruitful tree.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Loving, the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

  [2] AB10685 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou most glorious Lord!  Make this little maidservant of Thine blessed and happy; cause her to be cherished at the threshold of Thy oneness, and let her drink deep from the cup of Thy love so that she may be filled with rapture and ecstasy and diffuse sweet-scented fragrance.  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

  [3] AB02596 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord!  O my Lord!  These two bright orbs are wedded in Thy love, conjoined in servitude to Thy Holy Threshold, united in ministering to thy Cause.  Make Thou this marriage to be as threading lights of Thine abounding grace, O my Lord, the All-Merciful, and luminous rays of Thy bestowals, O Thou the Beneficent, the Ever-Giving, that there may branch out from this great tree boughs that will grow green and flourishing through the gifts that rain down from Thy clouds of grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous.  Verily, Thou art the Compassionate, the All-Merciful.

  [4] AB09040 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord!
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Seer, the Hearer.

  [5] AB09139 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! O my God! This, Thy servant, hath advanced towards Thee, is passionately wandering in the desert of Thy love, walking in the path of Thy service, anticipating Thy favors, hoping for Thy bounty, relying upon Thy kingdom, and intoxicated by the wine of Thy gift. O my God! Increase the fervor of his affection for Thee, the constancy of his praise of Thee, and the ardor of his love for Thee.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Most Generous, the Lord of grace abounding. There is no other God but Thee, the Forgiving, the Merciful.

  [6] ABU0268AME (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  This gathering is turning to Thee.  These hearts are radiant with Thy love.  These minds and spirits are exhilarated by the message of Thy glad-tidings.  O God!  Let this American democracy become glorious in spiritual degrees even as it has aspired to material degrees, and render this just government victorious.  Confirm this revered nation to upraise the standard of the oneness of humanity, to promulgate the Most Great Peace, to become thereby most glorious and praiseworthy among all the nations of the world.  O God! This American nation is worthy of Thy favors and is deserving of Thy mercy.  Make it precious and near to Thee through Thy bounty and bestowal.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[638] Prayer UUID: 5cda359c-78a5-4df8-9a79-ee759bf8c46a

FULL TEXT (ky):
Кимге табынсам жана Кимди аздектесем, ошол, менин Кудайым! Сенин бирдигиң жана Сенин жалгыз жашагандыгың жөнүндө мен күбө өтөмүн жана өткөндө кандай болсо, учурда да, дал ошондой Сенин белектериңди тааныймын. Сен-Бардыгынан жоомартсың, Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүңдүн көнөктөгөн жамгыры жогоруда жана төмөндө бирдей жаады, Сенин жакшылык тилеген шаниң тил алчаактар жана баш ийбестерге айтылды.

О, ак көңүлдҮүлҮктүн Кудайы, ак көңүлдүүлүктүн бардык маңызы Анын эшиги алдында жүгүнүштү, Анын Ишинин сыйынуу үйү анын өтө касиеттүү рухунда ырайымдуулук менен курчалды.- Сенин эселтеден берки түбөлүктүү жыргалыңа карай жалынып, Сен тиричилик дүйнөсүнүн бардык көрүнүштөрүнүн Үстүнөн ак көңүлдүүлүк кылган жана Сенин күндөрүңдө Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүңдүн төгүлүшүнөн ажыратпаган соң, Сенин учурдагы ырайыңды талап кылып биз Сага сыйынабыз.

Биз бардыгыбыз бечера жана байкушпуз, Сен, акыйкатында, Бардыгына ээлик кылуучусуң, Бардыгын багындыруучусуң, Бардыгынан күч-кубаттуусуң.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00868WIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: My God, Whom I worship and adore!  I bear witness unto Thy unity and Thy oneness, and acknowledge Thy gifts, both in the past and in the present.  Thou art the All-Bountiful, the overflowing showers of Whose mercy have rained down upon high and low alike, and the splendors of Whose grace have been shed over both the obedient and the rebellious.
      Last:  All are but poor and needy, and Thou, verily, art the All-Possessing, the All-Subduing, the All-Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[639] Prayer UUID: 5ce16e60-2531-4eef-951a-6036d6300c9a

FULL TEXT (ky):
Velebené buď Tvoje meno, ó Pane, môj Bože! To Teba všetko uctieva, pričom Ty neuctievaš nikoho; si Pán všetkého, a pritom nikoho poddaný; znáš všetko, a pritom nie si nikým poznaný. Chcel si sa dať ľuďom poznať, preto si slovom Svojich úst dal život stvoreniu a vytvoril si vesmír. Niet iného Boha okrem Teba, Tvorcu, Stvoriteľa, nadovšetko Mocného, Najsilnejšieho.

Úpenlivo Ťa žiadam priamo pri tomto diele, ktoré zažiarilo nad obzorom Tvojej vôle, aby si mi umožnil zhlboka sa napiť živej vody Tvojich vyvolených a aby si oživil duše tých, ktorí Ťa milujú, aby som vždy a za všetkých okolností mohol tvár obracať výhradne k Tebe.
Ty si Boh sily, slávy a štedrosti. Niet Boha okrem Teba, Zvrchovaného vládcu, nadovšetko Slávneho, Vševedúceho.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [2] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[640] Prayer UUID: 5d1f65d9-f053-47ab-9126-0f886485c5ef

FULL TEXT (ky):
Күн сайын бир жолу окулат

*Бул келмени окугандар ордунан туруп, оң ийнине, анан сол ийнине ыклас кылып, Ченемсиз Кайрымдуу, Чексиз Боорукер Жараткан Теңирге мындай деп кайрылуу керек/:

О, асманды жараткан, Баарыбызга, ысым берген. Кудай кудуретиңден! Көзгө көрүнбөгөн, Көккө бийик көтөрүлгөн, Ааламга жарык берген. Ченемсиз даңазалуу даңкың менен, От чыгар мен келтирген келмелердин, Далдалаган парданы өрттөп салсын. Жашырбай ай-чырайыңды менден, Сен турган мухитке алып барсын.

*Анан Кудайга кайрылган ушул келмеге кол тийгизип Ал урматтуу улук болсун, зоболуу бийик болсун деп төмөнкү сөздөрдү айтуу керек/:

О, ааламды жараткан бир Өзүң, О, адамдын көксөгөнү бир Өзүң! Кайрылам да жанынам. Жалынганды Өзүң көрүп турасың. Ниетим ак, дитим чаппай башкага, Сага гана байлангам. О, Жараткан Теңирим! Мен Кудайдын кулумун, Кулуңдун перзент уулумун! Мени көр көңүл бөлүп, Каалаган тилегимде даяр турган. Эркиңе моюн сунган. Сенден бөлөк эч кимди издебеген, Сыйынган бир Өзүңө, Чалкардай мээримиңдин нуру менен, Лазатыңдын күндүзгү күнү менен. Кандай каалап, кандайын туура көрсөң, - Так ошондой кулуңа буйругуң бар. Кагылайын Кудайым, кудуретиңден! Бийик турган мактоодон, эскерүүдөн! Сен мага алдыма ачып жараткандар – жанга дем, жанга жагат. Жан – дилим чын сүйүп, кабыл алат. О, Жараткан Теңирим! Алаксыба менин үмүт, иштериме, Жаза бер жазмышыңды. Асман жер кучагыңда, өз эркиңде. Сенин улуу, урматтуу атың менен. О, Кудай, кудуретиңден! Сен каалаган нерсени мен кааладым, Сен жактырган иштерди, мен жактырдым.

*Анан тизе бүгүп, башты жерге тийгизип, мындай деш керек/:

Сеникинен тышкары кандай сезим болбосун, Сен жогору турасың. Сеникинен тышкары кандай туюм болбосун, Сен жогору турасың.

*Анан өйдө туруп, мындай деш керек/:

О, Жараткан Теңирим! Мен келтирген келмени узак кыл да, Мүрөк суу агып чыккан булак кыл да. Сенин дооруң канча убак өкүм сүрсө. Так ошончо жашайын жылдан-жылга. Сенин сансыз дүйнөнүн ар биринде, Сени эскерип турайын ар күнүмдө.

*Анан колдору кайрадан келмеге тийип, мындай деш керек/:

О, кудурет! Сен жок болсоң- Жүрөк менен жаным эрип жок болот. Сен бар болсоң-Сүйүң менен дүйнө жанып от болот. Атыңды атап, мен Өзүңө жалынам. Жаралгандын баары Сага багынган. Айрылбайын Сенде болгон нерседен. О, Кудурет, баарын тейлеп, даарыган, Мени көрүп тургандырсың, Жараткан. Мен мусаапыр шашып Сага бараткан-Көкөлөп жаап турган этегиң, Чексиз бийик көтөрүлгөн үйүңө. Сенин жылуу мээримиңе бет алган, Сенин улуу урматыңды сүйүүгө. Боорукерлик кайрымыңдын чегине. Мен бактылуу акыры бир жете алсам. Сенин айкөл кечирүүңдү кең пейил. Издеп келген момунуңду карагын, Даңазаңдын короосуна умтулган. Көрсөң боло төмөн турган абалын. Байлыгыңдын таң нуруна умтулган. Байкушуңду кулпендеңдей санагын. Сенин эркиңине кааласаү, бурюрсаң. Мактоо Сага жарашат деп туюнган. Дитим Сенин буйругуңа бурулган, Осуят, ишиң жолтоосу жок угулган.

*Анан колду көккө көтөрүп, чексиз улуу ысымды үч мертебе кайталап, кайра жүгүнүп, колду тизеге коюп, Кудай алдында, Анын даңазасы менен зоболосу көтөрүлсүн – деген соң мындай деш керек/:

Көрүп турасың, кагылайын Теңирим! Сени эстеп, куса болуп. Сени даңктап, Сага умтулуп. Сага таазим кылууга – Он эки мүчөм, бүт делебем козголонду. Бийлик кылган өзтилиңде. Асманы кең билимиңде. Осуятыңды,Өз оозуң озуңдан айтканды-Менин дилим айгинелеп жатпайбы. Айланайын, Теңирим! Мына ушундай абалда, Сага умтулуп барам да. Баарын Сенден барып сурап алам да. Көрсөтүп менин байкуш экенимди, Көкөлөтүп Сенин байлык, берекеңди. Жана да менин алсыз экенимди, Келтирүүгө Сенин күч-кудуретиңди!

*Анан өйдө туруп, эки ирет колду көтөрүп, Кудайга жалынып, мындай деш керек/:

Кудурети күчтүү, Берекеси артык, Өзүңдөн башка Кудай жок. Башталышында да, аякталышында да осуят айткан. Өзүңдөн башка Кудай жок, О, Теңирим, кудуреттүү Кудайым! Кечиргениң – мага дем-күч, Сенин мээриң мага кубат, Чакырыгың мени ойготту. Жыргалың тургузду да алдыга алып басты. Сен жашаган шаардын капкасына. Антпесең, даап бардып турат белем? Көрүп турсуң, кагылайын Кудайым, Жыргалыңдын капкасын каккылаган, Жардамсыз байкуш жанды. Айланайын Кудайым! Осуяттың-осуяты бардык кылымдардын. О, Жараткан Теңирим! Теңирисиң бүт бардык ысымдардын. Аң-сезимдүү баш ийип же баш тартканым, Сенин гана эркиңде, асманды Жаратканым!

*Анан тизеге бүгүп, башты жерге тийгизип, мындай деш керек/:

Бардык улуу улуктан Кудай улуу!

*Анан тизе бүгүп, башты жерге тийгизип, мындай деш керек/:

Жанында тургандарды макташ үчүн, Жакындап асманыңа барыш үчүн. Бир Өзүңө берилген жүрөк кушу. Жетип барып капкаңды кагыш үчүн-Сен өтө эле алыссың да бийиксиң! Сенден башка Кудай жок! Эң даңктуусуң, эң урматтуу Улуксуң!

*Анан отуруп айтуу керек/:

Бардык жаратылгандар, Бардык топ жылдыздар, Жогорку бейште жашагандар, Улуулуктун Тили, шаңкайган асман бети, Далилденген бул чындыкты-Мен далилдеп күбөгө өтөм, Өзүңдөн башка Кудай жок деп. Ал бизге жарк ачылган керемет сыр, Кымбат Белги, баалуу Жышаан, Болсун десе, болуп калган. Ушул сөздүн тамгалары биригип, Бир сөз болуп кошулган. Анын аты Жогоркунун каламынан, Жараткандын Китебинде жазылган. Төбөмдөгү кең асманда. Төмөндөгү жер тагында, - Отургандын көңүлүнө басылган.

*Анан түз туруп мындай деш керек/:

О, мүлдө ааламда жашаганды Жасаган! Көзгө көрүнбөгөндү – көрүнгөндү Ээлеген! Шуу үшкүргөн демге кулак төшөгөн, Себелеген көз жашымды ээлеген. Үнүмдү уккан озондогон, онтогон. Жүрөктөгү ыйымды угуп жөлөгөн-Кудуретиңден айланайын Кудайым, Сенин сүйүп турганың, Мага байлык ээлеген. Эгер Сенден айрылсам, Ажал арбап мен өлөм. Оолактасам, бөлүнсөм, Ойрон болом Кудай уруп төбөмөн. Эрме чөлдө кадамыңа сыйынам. “Мен мындамын, мен мында!”-деп жалынам. Сен тандаган өкүлдөрүң, Бул сөздү айтып, ээн жерде табынган. Сен Ачканды-дем тутуп, Сен көрүнгөн –Таң шооратын мен жутуп, Ажарыңды бир карасам туюнам. Китебиңде жазылганды сактоону, Жазмыш мага буюрган.

*Анан Улуу Ысымды үч жолу кайталап, жүгүнүп тизени кармап, мындай деш керек/:

Айланайын, Кудайым! Сен эскерип табындым. Даңктаган жардам бердиң. Акылым менен тааныдым. Алкоо Сага, даңк Сага! Аян берген-Аткан Таңым Сенин Бийик Мартабаңда. Мажбур болуп жаткан чагым. Сенин Улуу Урматыңа Сенин эркиңе моюн сунууга жана өз ыктыярым менен багынуу жөндүү!

*Андан соң катыштуу алакандардын үч ирет жаят да, да дейт:

Кудай ар кандай улуулуктардан ашыкча улуу!

*Андан соң тизелей отурат да, жерге карай маңдайын ийип, дейт:

Сага карай жакын турган акылдаштарыңдын алкоосу Сенин жакыныраак келген Сенин асманыңа жеткидей болсун үчүн жана Сага берилген жүрөктөрдүн канаттуулары Сенин дарбазаңдын эшигине карай көтөрүлө алсын үчүн Сен өтө эле бийиксиң. Бардык аныктамалардан Сенин ашыкча касиеттүү жана бардык ысымдардан ашыкча ыйык экендигиңе күбө өтөм. Өтө көкөлөтүлгөн, Бардыгынан даңктуу Сенден бөлөк, Кудай жок.

*Андан соң отурат да, дейт/:

Бардык жаратылгандар, тоолук Адамдар да, өтө жогорудагы Бейиштин жашоочулары да, алардан тышкарылар да, бардыгынан даңктуу Көк мейкиндин Улуулугунун Оозунун өзү: Сен Кудайдын өзү экендигиңди, Сенден бөлөк, Кудай жок экендигин, ошондой эле Ким келген болсо, Ким аркылуу “Болсун” деген сөздүн тамгалары бирге бириктирилген жана бекитилген болсо, Ошол Касиеттүү Сырдын, Асыл нарктуу Элестин өзү экендиги туурасында күбө өтүшсө, ошолор туурасында күбө өтөм. Кимдин ысмы. Бардыгынан жогорунун Калеми менен чийилген жана Кимде-ким Кудайдын Китептеринде, тоодогу жана өрөөндүү жердеги Тактынын Ээси тарабынан эске алынган болсо, Ошонун өзү Ал экендигинде күбө өтөм.

*Андан соң өйдө болот да, дейт/:

О, бардык жандардын Теңири жана бардык көрүнгөндөрдүн жана көрүнбөгөндөрдүн Ээси! Сен менин көз жаштарыма жана үшкүрүктөрүмө назар салып, ошондой эле менин онтоолорумду жана менин боздогондорумду, ананда менин жүрөгүмдүн ыйларын угуп отурасың. Сенин күч-кубатыңдын алдында аңт беремин. Менин жазыктуу күнөөлөрүм мени Сага карай жакындоого мүмкүнчүлүк беришпей отурушат, андыктан менин күнөөлөрүм мени Сенин олуялык сарайыңдан оолагыраак кармап жатышат. О, менин Теңирим, Сенин сүйүүң мени байытты, Сенден ажыроонун өзү мени ойрондоп, анан да, Сенден алыстоо мени жок кылат. Ошол чөлдөгү Сенин издериң менен, ошондой эле ошол учу-кыйыры жокто Сенин Тандалмаларың айтышкан “Мен мына, Мен мына ” деген сөздөр мене да, Сенин Ачылыштарыңдын деми менен да, Сенин Келишиңдин Шоокумунун назик желаргысы менен да- мен Сенин ырайыңды өз көзүм менен көрө жана Сенин Китебиңде эмне болсо, ошонун бардыгын кармана алгыдай орундаштыр, деп Сага сыйынам.

*Адан соң Өтө улуу Ысымды “Алла-у-Абха”-деп үч ирет кайталайт, эңкейет, колдорун тизелерине алып, анан дейт/:

О, айланайын Кудайым! Сага алкоо, анткени Сен мага эске алууга жана мактоого жардам эттиң, ошондой эле Кимде – ким Сенин жышаандарыңдын Таңынын өзү болсо, Ошону тааныта, алдың, анан да, мени Сенин үстөмдүгүңдүн алдында жүгүнүүгө , ошондой эле Сенин Кудайчылыгыңдын алдында моюн сунууга, анан да, Сенин улуулугуңдун Оозу эмнени оозанса, ошону моюнга алууга мажбурладың.

*Андан соң өйдө болот да, дейт/:

О, Кудай айланайын Кудайым! Менин белим өзүмдүн күнөөлөрүмдүн эзүүсү астында ийилди, анан да, мени өзүмдүн шалаакылыгым ойрон кылып жатат. Ар кандай, мен өзүмдүн жосунсуз жоруктарым жөнүндө жана Сенин изги ниеттериң туурасына ойлогон мезгилде менин жүрөгүм сыртка чыкпай ээрип, ал эми каңым болсо, кан тамырларымда кайнайт. О, Сен, дүйүнө жүзүнүн Эңсөөсү Сенин сулуулугуңдун алдында ант берем! Мен өзүмдүн жүзүмдү Сага карай көтөрүүгө батына албайм жана Сенин марттыгыңдын асманына карай менин сыйынган колдорумду катыштыруудан уялам. О, менин Кудайым, менин көз жаштарым Сени эске алууга жана Сенин изги нерселериңди көкөлөтө даңктоого мага кандайча мүмкүнчүлүк бербей жатат. О, Сен тоодогу жана өрөөндүү жердеги Тактынын Ээси, көрүп турасың! Сенин Падышачылыгыңдын жышаандары Сенин өкүмчүлүгүңдүн сырлары менен Сага жалбарам, - о, бардык жандуунун Теңири, Сенин жоомарттыгыңа кандайы ылайык келсе, о, көрүнгөн жана көрүнбөгөн Падышасы, Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүңө окшошо алса, Сенин сүйгөндөрүңө ошону жаса!

*Андан соң Өтө улуу Ысымды “Алла-У-Абха” деп үч ирет кайталайт, тизелей отурат да, жерге карай маңдайын ийип, дейт/:

О, менин Кудайым, Сага алкоо, анткени Сен бизди Сага карай эмне жакындатса жана бизге бардык жакшылыктарды берсе, Сен тарабынан Сенин Китептериңдеги жана Сенин Жазмаларыңдагы эмнелер ылдый жөнөтулсө, ошолорду бизге төмөнгө жөнөттүң. О, менин Теңирим, кыялдагы, шаңдуу ойлордун жана курулай тилектердин кошуунунан бизди сакта деп, Сага сыйынабыз. Сен, акыйкатында, Күч – кубаттуусун, Бардыгын билүүчүсүң.

*Андан соң башын көтөрүп, отурат да, дейт/:

О, Кудайым, Сенин Тандамалдарың эмнелер туурасында күбө өтүшкөн болсо, ошолор туурасында күбө өтөмүн, анан да бардыгынан жогору Бейиштин тургундары тарабынан жана Сенин күч-кубаттуу Тактыңды эмнелер курчап турса, ошолор тарабынан эмнелер моюнга алынса, ошолорду моюнга аламын. О, дүйнөлөрдүн Теңири, жердеги жана көктөгү падышачылык Сенин маңызың!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00154FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The Kitáb-i-Aqdas states: “We have commanded you to pray and fast from the beginning of maturity [15 years]; this is ordained by God, your Lord and the Lord of your forefathers...  The traveler, the ailing, those who are with child or giving suck, are not bound by the fast... Abstain from food and drink from sunrise to sundown, and beware lest desire deprive you of this grace that is appointed in the Book.”
      Last:  Assist them, O my God, to render Thee victorious and to exalt Thy Word.  Suffer them, then, to become as hands of Thy Cause amongst Thy servants, and make them to be revealers of Thy religion and Thy signs amongst mankind, in such wise that the whole world may be filled with Thy remembrance and praise and with Thy proofs and evidences.  Thou art, verily, the All-Bounteous, the Most Exalted, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[642] Prayer UUID: 5f5aa3dd-7efb-4b87-ae68-fd22e4b4efde

FULL TEXT (ky):
O Alla tiegħi! O Alla tiegħi! Dan, il-qaddej tiegħeK, resaq lejK, qed imawwar bil-ħeġġa fid-deżert tal-imħabba tiegħeK, jimxi fit-triq tal-qadi lileK, jistenna minn qabel il-favuri tiegħeK, jittama għal tjubiteK,  joqgħod fuq is-saltna tiegħeK, u msakkar bl-inbid tar-rigal tiegħeK. O Alla tiegħi! Kattar il-ħeġġa tal-ġibda tiegħu lejK, is-sodizza tat-tifħir tiegħu lileK, u l-kebsa ta’ mħabbtu għaliK. 

Fis-sew, Int l-Aktar Ġeneruż, is-Sid tal-grazzja kotrana. M’hemmx Alla ieħor għajreK, li Jaħfer, il-Hanin.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[643] Prayer UUID: 5fefa4e4-84af-4bd8-8323-7052f6c1819f

FULL TEXT (ky):
Ал Ак көңүлдүүлүктүн өзү, Бардыгынан жоомарт! О, Кудай, менин Кудайым! Сенин чакырыгың мени өзүнө тартты жана Сенин даңкыңдын Калеминин добушу мени ойготту. Сенин ыйык сөздөрүңдүн агыны мени жандантты жана шык берүүнүн шарабы менен шаттыкка бөлөдү. О, Теңирим, Сенин белектериңдин учугунан кармап, ошондой эле Сенин жыргалыңдын ажайыбына чаңкап, Сенден бөлөк, башка бардык нерселерден менин баш тарткандыгымды Сен көрүп турасың. Сенин ырайымдуулугуңдун түбөлүктүү толкундары менен жана Сенин назик камкордугуңдун жаркыраган оттору, ошондой эле Сенин ырайың, менен, - Сага карай мени эмне жакындата турган болсо, ошону мага ыраа көр жана Сенин кенчиң менен мени байыт. Менин оозум, менин калемим, менин бардык жашоом Сенин күч-кубатың, Сенин күчүң, Сенин жыргалың жана Сенин белектериң туурасында күбө өтөт, андыктан Сен Кудайдын өзүсүң, Күч-кубаттуу, Күчтүү, Сенден бөлөк, башка Кудай жок.

О, Кудайым, өзүмдүн алсыздыгым жана Сенин өкүмчүлүгүң туурасында, өзүмдүн жардамсыздыгым жана Сенин күчүң туурасында мен азыр күбө өтөм. Мендеги жыргал эмне, ал эми куурал эмне, мен билбеймин; Сен, акыйкатында, Бардыгын билесиң, Бардыгынан акылмансың. О, Теңир, менин Кудайым жана менин Төрөм, Сенин түбөлүктүү буйругуң мен үчүн жетиштүү болгудай жаса, ошондой эле мага Сенин бардык дүйнөлөрүңдөгү гүлдөп-өсүү мага эмнени берсе, ошону мага белгиле. Сен, акыйкатында, Ак көңүлдүүсүң, Жоомартсың.

Теңир! Сенин байлыгыңдын океанынан жана Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүңдүн асманынан мени иренжитпе жана мага ушул дүйнөнү жана келечектеги дүйнөнүн жыргалын даярда. Акыйкатында, Сен тоонун чокуларында орнотулган ак көңүлдүүлүктүн тактысынын Ээсисиң; Бирдиктүү, Бардыгын жетектеген, Бардыгынан акылман Сенден бөлөк, башка Кудай жок.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[644] Prayer UUID: 610b497c-7d83-43ad-ad6d-eb424e026fe3

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, айланайын Кудайым, ар кандай алкоо, ылайым, Ким ар кандай даңктын жана улуулуктун, күчтүн жана сыймыктын, өкүмчүктүн жана үстөмдүктүн көкөлөөчүлүктүн жана жыргалдын, кастарлоонун жана бийликтин Башаты ошол, Сага буйурсун. Кимди кааласаң, ошону Сен эң улуу Океанга карай жакындатасың, ошондой эле кимге кааласаң, ошону Сен эң байыркы Ысмыңды билүү сыймыгын тартуулайсың. Көктө жана жерде эмне болсо, ошолордун ичинен эч кимиси Сенин өкүмчүлүк Эркиңди аткарууга каршы тура албайт. Бардык жаратылгандарды Сен түбөлүктүү башкарасың жана кылымдардан кылымдарга бардык жаратылгандарга Өзүңдүн үстөмдүгүңдү созосуң. Бардыгынан күч-кубаттуу, Өтө көкөлөтүлгөн, Бардыгынан күчтүү, Бардыгынан акылман, Сенден бөлөк, башка Кудай жок.

О, Теңир, алар Сени көрө алгыдай болсун үчүн, Сенин кулдарыңдын жүзүн жарык кыл; алар Сенин асмандагы ырайыңдын сарайына карай кайрыла жан Ким Сенин Келишиңдин жана Сенин Маңызыңдын Чыгышынан өзү болсо, Ошону тааный алгыдай болсун үчүн алардын жүрөктөрүн тазала. Акыйкатында, Сен бардык дүйнөлөрдүн Теңирисиң. Чеги жок, Бардыгын багындыруучу, Сенден бөлөк, Кудай жок.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[645] Prayer UUID: 626a0bd4-6a14-4e13-9e02-bf305577b9d0

FULL TEXT (ky):
Noqu Kalou ka noqu i Vakavuvuli! O i au na Nomuni tamata ka u luve ni Nomuni tamata. Au sa qai duri cake mai oqo e na noqu i davodavo e na kida ni mataka ni sa vakaraitaki tu mai oqo na i Vola Siga ni Nomuni Duavata e na vuku ni kaukauwa ni Tovure ni Siga ni Nomuni lewa, ka sa qai cila yani oqo e na kena i serau e na dela i vuravura raraba me vaka ga e sa yalataki oti tu e na i Vola ni Nomuni Lewa.

Noqu Kalou, keimami sa vakacaucautaki Kemuni, ni keimami sa qai yadra mai e na matalau ni rarama ni Nomuni kilaka. Ni solia sobu mai vei keimami, na noqu Kalou, na ka e na rawa kina vei keimami me vagolei keimami tiko ga kina kivei Kemuni, ka me vagalalataki vei keimami na ka kece keimami vauci tu kina ka vakavo ga O i Kemuni na Kalou. Ni vola tiko ga mai vei au kei ira na noqu i tokani lomani, ka vaka tale ga kina o ira na wekaqu, na tagane kei na yalewa na vinaka ni vuravura oqo kei na vuravura sa bera mai. Ni maroroi keimami vakavinaka, e na kaukauwa ni Nomuni veitaqomaki, O i Kemuni sa taleitaki vei ira na ibulibuli kece ga ka Gagadre voli ni vuravura kei lomalagi, mai vei ira O ni sa vakavuna me vakaraitaki mai kina na Dauvakasolokakana Yalo Velavela, o koya e vakasolokakana tiko e na kedra maliwa na tamata. O ni sa kaukauwa Mo ni vakayacora na ka e marautaka na Yalomuni. Sa i Kemuni ga na Vu ni iGu Cecekia, na Dauveivukei e na Gauna ni Leqa, ka Bula Vakataki Koya ga.

Ni vakalougatataki ira, Turaga na noqu Kalou, o Koya O ni sa solia vua na Nomuni Yacabuli cecere duadua, kei Koya O ni sa wasea tani mai vei ira sa sega ni kilai Kemuni, ka mai vukei keimami mada me keimami vakayacora na veika O ni marautaka ka gadreva. Mo ni vakalougatataki ira tale ga, vaka kina, O i Kemuni na noqu Kalou, na Nomuni Gusunivosa kei na Nomuni Matanivola, kei ira era sa vakanamata tiko yani vei Kemuni,kei ira era sa tavuki oti tu yani vei Kemuni, ka vakarorogo ki na Nomuni Kaci.

O i Kemuni, dina, na Turaga kei na Tui ni matatamata kece ga, ka kaukauwa vei ira na ka kece ga.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH08604 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Whose nearness is my wish, Whose presence is my hope, Whose remembrance is my desire, Whose court of glory is my goal, Whose abode is my aim, Whose name is my healing, Whose love is the radiance of my heart, Whose service is my highest aspiration!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou hast enabled them that have recognized Thee to soar to the sublimest heights of the knowledge of Thee and empowered such as devoutly worship Thee to ascend into the precincts of the court of Thy holy favors, to aid me to turn my face towards Thy face, to fix mine eyes upon Thee, and to speak of Thy glory.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the God of Power, the Help in Peril, the All-Glorious, the Almighty.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[646] Prayer UUID: 69b12b6b-d10c-4357-a550-96cfdc906f1c

FULL TEXT (ky):
Ó Bože, môj Bože! Pomôž Svojim verným služobníkom, aby mali láskyplné a nežné srdce. Pomôž im medzi všetkými národmi zeme šíriť svetlo vedenia prichádzajúce zo Zhromaždenia na výšinách. Vskutku, Ty si Silný, Presilný, Mocný, všetko si Podmaňujúci, vždy Dávajúci. Vskutku, Ty si Veľkorysý, Citlivý, Nežný, Najštedrejší.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (13 options):

  [1] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [2] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [3] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [4] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [5] BB00147ORD (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Ordain for me, O my Lord, and for those who believe in Thee that which is deemed best for us in Thine estimation, as set forth in the Mother Book, for within the grasp of Thy hand Thou holdest the determined measures of all things.
      Last:  There is no power nor strength except in God, the Most Exalted, the Most Mighty.

  [6] BH09498 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God and the God of all Names, and the Maker of the heavens!  I entreat Thee by Thy Name through which He Who is the Dayspring of Thy might and the Dawning-Place of Thy power hath been manifested, through which every solid thing hath been made to flow, and every dead corpse hath been quickened, and every moving spirit confirmed—I entreat Thee to enable me to rid myself of all attachment to any one but Thee, and to serve Thy Cause, and to wish what Thou didst wish through the power of Thy sovereignty, and to perform what is the good pleasure of Thy will.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, moreover, O my God, to ordain for me what will make me rich enough to dispense with any one save Thee.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face turned towards Thee, and my hands clinging to the cord of Thy grace.  Send down upon me Thy mercy, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Bountiful.

  [7] BB00002MEN (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O God.  How can I make mention of Thee while Thou art sanctified from the praise of all mankind.  Magnified be Thy Name, O God, Thou art the King, the Eternal Truth; Thou knowest what is in the heavens and on the earth, and unto Thee must all return.  Thou hast sent down Thy divinely ordained Revelation according to a clear measure.  Praised art Thou, O Lord!  At Thy behest Thou dost render victorious whomsoever Thou willest, through the hosts of heaven and earth and whatsoever existeth between them.  Thou art the Sovereign, the Eternal Truth, the Lord of invincible might.
      Last:  Glorified art Thou, O Lord!  Thou forgivest at all times the sins of such among Thy servants as implore Thy pardon.  Wash away my sins and the sins of those who seek Thy forgiveness at dawn, who pray to Thee in the daytime and in the night season, who yearn after naught save God, who offer up whatsoever God hath graciously bestowed upon them, who celebrate Thy praise at morn and eventide, and who are not remiss in their duties.

  [8] BH11278RIV (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Make manifest the rivers of Thy sovereign might, that the waters of Thy Unity may flow through the inmost realities of all things, in such wise that the banner of Thine unfailing guidance may be raised aloft in the kingdom of Thy command and the stars of Thy divine splendor may shine brightly in the heaven of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou, verily, art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [9] AB05652WIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 56:62.

  [10] BH00868WIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: My God, Whom I worship and adore!  I bear witness unto Thy unity and Thy oneness, and acknowledge Thy gifts, both in the past and in the present.  Thou art the All-Bountiful, the overflowing showers of Whose mercy have rained down upon high and low alike, and the splendors of Whose grace have been shed over both the obedient and the rebellious.
      Last:  All are but poor and needy, and Thou, verily, art the All-Possessing, the All-Subduing, the All-Powerful.

  [11] BH07426DRE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou, at Whose dreadful majesty all things have trembled, in Whose grasp are the affairs of all men, towards Whose grace and mercy are set the faces of all Thy creatures!  I entreat Thee, by Thy Name which Thou hast ordained to be the spirit of all names that are in the kingdom of names, to shield us from the whisperings of those who have turned away from Thee, and have repudiated the truth of Thy most august and most exalted Self, in this Revelation that hath caused the kingdom of Thy names to tremble.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the God of power, of strength and glory.

  [12] AB00128FEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! These are Thy feeble servants; they are Thy loyal bondsmen and Thy handmaidens, who have bowed themselves down before Thine exalted Utterance and humbled themselves at Thy Threshold of light, and borne witness to Thy oneness through which the Sun hath been made to shine in midday splendor. They have listened to the summons Thou didst raise from out Thy hidden Realm, and with hearts quivering with love and rapture, they have responded to Thy call.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Mighty, the Exalted, the Powerful, He Who alone, in the heavens and on the earth, abideth unchanged. There is none other God save Thee, the Lord of manifest tokens and signs.

  [13] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[648] Prayer UUID: 6c4219b5-7da0-4ab0-abdc-4b892b3ca1a0

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, Теңир, айланайын Кудайым, Сага даңк! Сени эске алууга батынган кездеги ар кандай учурда Сага каршы менин күнөөлөрүм жана өтө оор айыптарым мени токтотуп турушат, андыктан мен Сенин жыргалыңдан толугу менен айрылгандыгымды жана Сени мактап алкоого таптакыр алсыз экендигимди мен көрүп турам. Ошондой болсо да, Сенин жоомарттыгыңа болгон ишеним Сага карай менин үмүтүмдү жандантат. Сени даңктоого жана Сенин ээлигиңде эмне болсо, ошол туурасында Сенден суроого мага кайрат берет.

О, кагылайын Кудайым, бардык жаратылгандардан ашып түшкөн Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүң менен, Сенин ысымыңдын океанында чөгөрүлгөн ошол бардык нерселер кимдер туурасында күбө өтүшсө, ошолор менен: мени өзүмдү өз эркиме койбо, анткени менин жүрөгүм жамандыка жакын, - деп Сага сыйынам. Ошондуктан Сени коргоо чебиңде жана Сенин камкор калганычыңда мени корго. О, айланайын Кудайым, Сенин бийлигиңдин күчү менен Сен эмнени аныктаган болсоң, мен ошону гана каалаймын. Сенин жыргал насыяттарың жана Сенин эркиңдин жетекчилиги менен Сен мага жардам бергидей болсун үчүн жана Сенин буйругуңдун жана Сенин сотуңдун жышаандары менен мени колдоо үчүн, ушулардын бардыгын өзүм үчүн каалайм.

Сени сүйгөн жүрөктөр Сен деп азап чекен, о, Сен, - Сенин Ишиңди Келтирүүчү менен, ошондой эле Сенин шыктандыруучу Таңың менен да, Сенин улуулугуңдун Ишке ашуусу менен да, Сенин Жаманчыңдан мени айырба, - деп Сага сыйынам. О, кагылайын Теңирим! Анын ак баталуу сарайына жетүүгө, Анын жеке керт башынын айланасындагы жерде жүрүүгө жана Анын эшигинин жанында момурайып турууга мага жардам бер.

Кимдин күч-кубаты кылымдарга кала берсе, Ошонун өзү Сен. Сенин билимиңден эч нерсе байкоосун калбайт. Сен, акыйкатында, күчтүн Кудайсың, даңктын жана акылмандыктын Кудайысың.

Кудай, дүйнөлөрдүн Теңири даңктуу болсун!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH07426DRE (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou, at Whose dreadful majesty all things have trembled, in Whose grasp are the affairs of all men, towards Whose grace and mercy are set the faces of all Thy creatures!  I entreat Thee, by Thy Name which Thou hast ordained to be the spirit of all names that are in the kingdom of names, to shield us from the whisperings of those who have turned away from Thee, and have repudiated the truth of Thy most august and most exalted Self, in this Revelation that hath caused the kingdom of Thy names to tremble.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the God of power, of strength and glory.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[649] Prayer UUID: 6ecea4a9-b593-48a3-b85e-56ec3ce2717c

FULL TEXT (ky):
I noqu Kalou! I noqu Kalou!

O i au e dua na gone yalowai. Ni vakani au mai e na lomasareni Nomuni veinanumi, susugi au e na uto ni Nomuni loloma titobu, vakavulici au e na koronivuli ni Nomuni veituberi, ka vakatuburi au e na ruku ni yaloyalo ni Nomuni loloma soli wale. Ni kauti au tani mai e na butobuto, ka qisi au me u sa bau dua na cina ramase, vagalalataki au mai e na bula rarawa, ka lesi au me u dua na senikau e na loga ni seni rosi; vakabobulataki au me yaco me u Nomuni tamata e na mata ni katuba ni Nomuni vale ka Mo ni solia vei au na i vakavau ni yalo sa tu vei ira na tamata yalododonu; vakarautaki au me u sa dua na i vakaraitaki ni solisoli uasivi ki na bula vakatamata oqo, ka vakaisalataki au e na i sala vakaturaga ni bula tawamudu!

E dina ga, ni O i Kemuni sa kaukauwa, na iGu Cecekia, na Dauveirairaici, na Dauveirogorogoci.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10492 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind lord!
      Last:  Thou art the Bestower, the All-Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[650] Prayer UUID: 6ef48ddb-ec09-4413-a8a5-8452cd15336e

FULL TEXT (ky):
O Alla tiegħi! O Alla tiegħi! Fis-sew, jien insejjaħleK u nitlob quddiem il-għatba tiegħeK, nitolboK li-l-ħniena kollha tiegħeK tinżel fuq dawn l-erwieħ. Irfinahom għall-għoġba tiegħeK u għas-sewwa tiegħeK. 

O Sid! Għaqqad u orbot flimkien il-qlub, qabbel flimkien l-erwieħ kollha, u henni l-ispirti bl-egħliem ta’ qdusiteK u waħdaneK. O Sid! Agħmel dawn l-uċuh middija bid-dwal ta’ waħdaneK. Saħħaħ ġenbejn il-qaddejja tiegħeK fil-qadi ta’ saltnateK. 

O Sid, Int li għandek ħniena bla qies! O Sid tal-maħfra u tal-mogħdrija! Aħfer dnubietna, agħder nuqqasijietna, u agħmel li nduru lejn is-saltna tal-ħenn tiegħeK, insejħu is-saltna tas-setgħa u l-qawwa, umli fil-maqdes tiegħeK u baxxuti quddiem il-glorja tax-xieħda tiegħeK. 

O Sid Alla! Agħmilna bħal mewġ il-baħar, bħal fjuri tal-ġnien, magħquda, naqblu bejnietna bit-tjieba ta’ mħabbteK. O Sid! Wassa’ l-isdra bl-egħliem ta’ waħdaneK, u agħmel lill-bnedmin kollha kwiekeb jiddu mill-istess għoli ta’ glorja, bħal frott perfett jikber fuq is-siġra tiegħeK tal-ħajja.

Fis-sew, Int is-Setgħani, Li Tgħix Fik InnifseK, Li Tagħti, Li Taħfer, Li Tagħder, Li Taf  Kollox, il-Ħallieq Waħdani.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [3] BH07180 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I yield Thee thanks for having enabled me to recognize the Manifestation of Thyself, and for having severed me from Thine enemies, and laid bare before mine eyes their misdeeds and wicked works in Thy days, and for having rid me of all attachment to them, and caused me to turn wholly towards Thy grace and bountiful favors.  I give Thee thanks, also, for having sent down upon me from the clouds of Thy will that which hath so sanctified me from the hints of the infidels and the allusions of the misbelievers that I have fixed my heart firmly on Thee, and fled from such as have denied the light of Thy countenance.  Again I thank Thee for having empowered me to be steadfast in Thy love, and to speak forth Thy praise and to extol Thy virtues, and for having given me to drink of the cup of Thy mercy that hath surpassed all things visible and invisible.
      Last:  Thou art the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the All-Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[651] Prayer UUID: 6f01008e-26c2-4476-83da-77d74a9e837e

FULL TEXT (ky):
Jien ma nafx, O Alla tiegħi, x’inhu in-Nar li Inti tkebbes f’arteK. Id dinja ma tista’ qatt iddaħħan il-ħeġġa tiegħu, la l-ilma ma jitfi l-ilsna tiegħu. Il-ġnus kollha tad-dinja m’għandhomx saħħa jieqfu l-qawwa tiegħu. Kbira hija l-barka ta’dak li reseq lejh, u sema’ t-tgargir tiegħu.

Lil x’uħud, O Alla tiegħi, Inti, bil-grazzja saħħaħa tiegħeK, għenthom jersqu lejh, waqt li lil oħrajn żammejthom lura mħabba dak li wettqu idejhom fil-jiem tiegħeK. Kulmin għaġġel lejh u laħqu fil-ħeġġa tiegħu biex jgħarrex fuq ġmieleK, ħalla ħajtu fi triqteK, u tala’ għandeK, maqtugħ għal kollox minn kollox għajr minneK.

NitolboK, O Sid tiegħi, f’ġieh dan in-Nar li jħaġġeġ u jgargar fid-dinja tal-ħolqien, sabiex iċċarrat l-istarijiet li żammewni lura milli nidher quddiem it-tron tal maestà tiegħeK, u milli nieqaf fil-bieb tax-xatba tiegħeK. Amar Int għalija, O Sid tiegħi, kull ħaġa tajba li Int niżżilt fil-Ktieb tiegħeK, u tħallinix inkun imbiegħed mill-kenn tal-ħniena tiegħeK.

Setgħani Inti li tagħmel dal li jogħġboK. Inti, fis-sewwa, is-Setgħani f’Kollox, l-Aktar Ġeneruż.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH05894 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I know not, O my God, what the Fire is which Thou didst kindle in Thy land.  Earth can never cloud its splendor, nor water quench its flame. All the peoples of the world are powerless to resist its force.  Great is the blessedness of him that hath drawn nigh unto it, and heard its roaring.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou art, verily, the All-Powerful, the Most Generous.

  [2] BB00554 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord, my Best Beloved!  Make me steadfast in Thy Cause, and grant that I may be reckoned among those who have not violated Thy Covenant nor followed the gods of their own idle fancy.
      Last:  Grant, O my God, that I may not be reckoned among those whose ears are deaf, whose eyes are blind, whose tongues are speechless and whose hearts have failed to comprehend.  Deliver me, O Lord, from the fire of ignorance and of selfish desire, suffer me to be admitted into the precincts of Thy transcendent mercy and send down upon me that which Thou hast ordained for Thy chosen ones.  Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[652] Prayer UUID: 6fda5fd5-1598-4270-86e3-e65f3e284b95

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, айланайын Кудайым, Сенин жериңде Сен тутандырган От 
эмне экендигин мен билбейм. Анын жаркырагын жердеги кул эч качан карата албайт жана анын жалынын сууда да өчүрүүгө болбойт. Анын күчүнө каршы турууга жер жүзүндөгү бардык элдер алсыз. Ким ага карай жакындаса жана анын добушун уга алса, анын ырахаты улуу.

О, айланайын Кудайм, башкаларга Сенин жандантуучу жыргалыңа, жетүүгө сен күч бердиң, Сенин күндөрүндө алардын колдору тарабынан жаратылгандар үчүн айрымдарын өз жыргалыңдан. Ким ага карай шашылса, жана ага жетсе, ошол Сенин сулуулугуңдун көрүүгң умтулганда Сага келе жаткан жолдо өз өмүрүн берди жана Сенден бөлөк бүт бардыгынан аша кечип, Сага карай көкөлөдү.

О, айланайын Теңирим, жаратуунун дүйнөсүндө күйүп жана алоолонуп жаткан ушул От менен-Сенин улуулугуңдун тактысына карай келүүгө жана Сенин дарбазаңдын эшиги алдында турууга мага эмне жолтоо болсо, ошонун көшөгөсүн тыт, -деп Сага жалбарам.о, кагылайын Кудайым, Сенин Китебиңде Сен тарабынан төмөн жөнөтүлгөн бардык жакшылыктарды мен үчүн аныкта, ошондой эле Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүңдүн түнөгүнөн мага алыста жүрүүгө уруксат бербе.

Сен эмнени кааласаң, жүзөгө ашырууга Сенин бийлгиң бар. Сен, акыйкатында, Бардыгынан күчтүүсүң, Өтө жоомартсың.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH08604 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Whose nearness is my wish, Whose presence is my hope, Whose remembrance is my desire, Whose court of glory is my goal, Whose abode is my aim, Whose name is my healing, Whose love is the radiance of my heart, Whose service is my highest aspiration!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou hast enabled them that have recognized Thee to soar to the sublimest heights of the knowledge of Thee and empowered such as devoutly worship Thee to ascend into the precincts of the court of Thy holy favors, to aid me to turn my face towards Thy face, to fix mine eyes upon Thee, and to speak of Thy glory.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the God of Power, the Help in Peril, the All-Glorious, the Almighty.

  [2] BH05894 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I know not, O my God, what the Fire is which Thou didst kindle in Thy land.  Earth can never cloud its splendor, nor water quench its flame. All the peoples of the world are powerless to resist its force.  Great is the blessedness of him that hath drawn nigh unto it, and heard its roaring.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou art, verily, the All-Powerful, the Most Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[653] Prayer UUID: 7266cd91-bb92-43ff-a3df-21014a551c7f

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, Теңир! Сенден мен жашырыңар жай издейм жана Сенин жышаандарыңа карай өзүмдүн жүрөгүмдү багыттайм.

О, Теңир! Жолдобу же үйдөбү, өзүмдүн сабактарымдабы же иштеримдеби, мен Сага баш-отум менен ишеним артам.

Ким Өзүнүн ак көңүлдүүлүгү менен өтө мыкты болсо, ошондой жана, мен эч нерседен көз каранды болбогудай болуум үчүн Сенин жетиштүү жардамыңды мага жөнөт!

О, Теңир, Сенин эңсөөң боюнча үлүшүмдү мага аныкта жана Сен мага эмнени дайындаган болсоң, бардыгына мен ыраазы болгудай болуу үчүн, дал ошондой жаса.

Сага башкаруунун чексиз бийлиги таандык.

О, айланайын Кудайым, кагылайын Теңири жана менин Башкаруучум! Мен өзүмдүн уруумду унуттум жана жер жүзүндө эмне болсо, ошолордун бардыгына азаттыкты Сенден издейм, ошондой эле Сенин көздөрүңдө эмне мактоого аларлык болсо, ошону кабыл алууга карай өзгөрүлбөй даяр турууга үмүт этем. Сенден тышкары бардык нерселерден мени эмне көз карандысыз кылса, ошондой жакшылыкты мага тартуула, ошондой эле Сенин сансыз жакшылыктуу иштериңден жоомарт үлүштү мага тартуула. Акыйкатында, Сен берекелүү ак көңүлдүн Теңирисиң!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB05167 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou knowest, O God, and art my witness that I have no desire in my heart save to attain Thy good pleasure, to be confirmed in servitude unto Thee, to consecrate myself in Thy service, to labor in Thy great vineyard and to sacrifice all in Thy path.  Thou art the All-Knowing and the All-Seeing.  I have no wish save to turn my steps, in my love for Thee, towards the mountains and the deserts to loudly proclaim the advent of Thy Kingdom, and to raise Thy call amidst all men.  O God! Open Thou the way for this helpless one, grant Thou the remedy to this ailing one and bestow Thy healing upon this afflicted one.  With burning heart and tearful eyes I supplicate Thee at Thy Threshold.
      Last:  O God!  Protect me from tests.  Thou knowest full well that I have turned away from all things and freed myself of all thoughts.  I have no occupation save mention of Thee and no aspiration save serving Thee.

  [2] AB00774SAB (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Come ye together in gladness unalloyed, and at the beginning of the meeting, recite ye this prayer:
      Last:  O Thou our Provider!  Send down Thine aid, that each one gathered here may become a lighted candle, each one a center of attraction, each one a summoner to Thy heavenly realms, till at last we make this nether world the mirror image of Thy Paradise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[655] Prayer UUID: 79828127-8783-4e60-8114-5af862ef773e

FULL TEXT (ky):
O Inti Sid twajjeb! Int ħloqt il-bnedmin kollha mill-istess fergħa. Inti amart li lkoll għandhom ikunu tal-istess dar. Fil-Preżenza Mqaddsa tiegħeK huma lkoll il-qaddejja tiegħeK, u l-bnedmin kollha mkenna taħt it-Tabernaklu tiegħeK; ilkoll inġabru madwar il-Mejda tat-Tjubija tiegħeK; ilkoll imdawlin bid-dawk tal-Providenza tiegħeK.

O Alla! Inti ħanin ma’ kulħadd, Int ipprovdejt għal kulħadd, tkennen lil kulħadd, troxx il-ħajja fuq kulħadd. Inti żejjint lil kull wieħed u lil kollha bid-doni u l-ħila, u lkoll huma mgħaddsin fl-Oċejan tal-Ħniena tiegħeK.

O Inti Sid twajjeb! Għaqqad lil kulħadd. Agħmel li reliġjon taqbel ma’ oħra u agħmel in-nazzjonijiet wieħed, sabiex  jaraw lil xulxin bħala familja waħda u d-dinja kollha bħala dar waħda. Jalla jgħixu ikoll flimkien f’armonija sħiħa.

O Alla! Erfa’ ’l fuq il-bandiera ta’ waħdan il-bnedmin.
O Alla! Qiegħed fis-sod l-Akbar Sliem.
Kaħħal Int, O Alla, il-qlub flimkien.

O Int Missier twajjeb, Alla! Ferraħ lil qlubna bil-fwieħa tal-imħabba tiegħeK. Dawwal  għajnejna bid-Dwal tat-Tmexxija tiegħeK. Għaxxaq widnejna bil-għanja tal-Kelma tiegħeK, u kenninna lkoll fil-Fortizza tal-Providenza tiegħek.

Int is-Setgħan u l-Qawwi, Int Dak li Jaħfer u Inti Dak li jagħlaq għajnejĦ għan-nuqqasijiet tal-bnedmin kollha.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (5 options):

  [1] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

  [2] AB00963IMP (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart and streaming tears to aid whosoever expendeth his energy for the erection of this House, and the construction of this Building wherein Thy name is mentioned every morn and every eve.
      Last:  O God!  Send down Thy divine increase on whosoever endeavoreth to serve this edifice and exerteth himself to raise it amongst the kindreds and religions of the world.  Confirm him in every good deed in promoting the welfare of mankind.  Open Thou the doors of wealth and abundance unto him and make him an heir to the treasures of the Kingdom, which perish not.  Make him a sign of Thy bestowals among the peoples and reinforce him by the sea of Thy generosity and bounty, surging with waves of Thy grace and favor.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful and the Bountiful.

  [3] BB00543VIC (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Render victorious Thy forbearing servants in Thy days by granting them a befitting victory, inasmuch as they have sought martyrdom in Thy path.  Send down upon them that which will bring comfort to their minds, will rejoice their inner beings, will impart assurance to their hearts and tranquillity to their bodies and will enable their souls to ascend to the presence of God, the Most Exalted, and to attain the supreme Paradise and such retreats of glory as Thou hast destined for men of true knowledge and virtue.  Verily, Thou knowest all things, while we are but Thy servants, Thy thralls, Thy bondsmen and Thy poor ones.  No Lord but Thee do we invoke, O God our Lord, nor do we implore blessings or grace from anyone but Thee, O Thou Who art the God of mercy unto this world and the next.  We are but the embodiments of poverty, of nothingness, of helplessness and of perdition, while Thy whole Being betokeneth wealth, independence, glory, majesty and boundless grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art our Lord and the Lord of all things.  Into Thy hands do we surrender ourselves, yearning for the things that pertain unto Thee.

  [4] ABU0095KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou forgiving God! These servants are turning to Thy kingdom and seeking Thy grace and bounty. O God! Make their hearts good and pure in order that they may become worthy of Thy love. Purify and sanctify the spirits that the light of the Sun of Reality may shine upon them. Purify and sanctify the eyes that they may perceive Thy light. Purify and sanctify the ears in order that they may hear the call of Thy kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Powerful the Omnipotent, the Merciful, and Thou art the Generous, the Beneficent, the Lord of grace abounding.

  [5] AB02000DIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord! In this Most Great Dispensation Thou dost accept the intercession of children in behalf of their parents.  This is one of the special infinite bestowals of this Dispensation.  Therefore, O Thou kind Lord, accept the request of this Thy servant at the threshold of Thy singleness and submerge his father in the ocean of Thy grace, because this son hath arisen to render Thee service and is exerting effort at all times in the pathway of Thy love.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, the Forgiver and the Kind!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[656] Prayer UUID: 7ac54269-46f0-4e86-9ffe-734683c46145

FULL TEXT (ky):
Me vakacaucautaki na Yacamuni, O i Kemuni na noqu Kalou! Au sa vakadinata ni sega na vakanananu me baleti Kemuni, veitalia na kena lagilagi, e yacova rawa yani na cecere ni Nomuni kilaka, ka sega tale ga ni dua na vakacaucau me baleti Kemuni, veitalia na kena cecekia, e na rawa ni voleka yani ki na maliwa lala ni Nomuni vuku. Mai na bula tawamudu O ni sa tiko yawa sara mai na vanua era na rawa ni kila ka vakasamataki Kemuni kina na Nomuni tamata, kei na Nomuni vakalagilagi sa rawa ga mai na nodra sasaga na Nomuni tamata me ra vakamacalataka na Nomuni veivakurabuitaki. Na kaukauwa cava sa taukena na veika buli e na nodrau veisotari mata kei koya sa Tawabuli?

Au sa vakadinadinataka ni nodra vakanananu lagilagi o ira era sa vakarokorokotaka na Nomuni duavata, kei na nodra vakasama titobu o ira kece era sa kilai Kemuni, e sa i vakaraitaki ni veika sa vakarota na mata ni Nomuni peni kei na Nomuni gagadre, ka vakavurea na Nomuni lewa. Au sa qai vakadinata mai na Nomuni lagilagi, O i Kemuni na Daulomani ni yaloqu ka i Vurevure ni noqu bula. Au sa vakauqeti e na noqu malumalumu me u vakamacalataka ka vakacaucautaki Kemuni e na i valavala sa cecekia sara kina na Nomuni lagilagi kei na uasivi ni Nomuni itutu vakaturaga. E na noqu sa qai vakila na veika oqo, au sa vakamasuti Kemuni, mai na Nomuni loloma e vakavolivoliti ira na Nomuni i bulibuli kece ga, Mo ni ciqoma mai vei ira na Nomuni tamata na veika era na rawa ni vakaraitaka yani e na Nomuni gaunisala. Mo ni qai vukei ira, e na gauna oqori, mai na Nomuni loloma dau veivakaukauwataki, me ra laveta cake na Nomuni vosa ka vakacaudreva na Nomuni vakacaucautaki.

O ni sa kaukauwa Mo ni vakayacora na veika sa Lomamuni. Sa i Kemuni, dina ga, na Lagilagi Kece ga, na Vu ni Vuku.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (10 options):

  [1] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [2] BB00100EXI (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O God! Thou art the God Who hath existed before all things, Who will exist after all things and will last beyond all things. Thou art the God Who knoweth all things, and is supreme over all things. Thou art the God Who dealeth mercifully with all things, Who judgeth between all things and Whose vision embraceth all things. Thou art God my Lord, Thou art aware of my position, Thou dost witness my inner and outer being.
      Last:  Grant Thy forgiveness unto me and unto the believers who responded to Thy Call. Be Thou my sufficing helper against the mischief of whosoever may desire to inflict sorrow upon me or wish me ill. Verily, Thou art the Lord of all created things. Thou dost suffice everyone, while no one can be self-sufficient without Thee.

  [3] BH09498 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God and the God of all Names, and the Maker of the heavens!  I entreat Thee by Thy Name through which He Who is the Dayspring of Thy might and the Dawning-Place of Thy power hath been manifested, through which every solid thing hath been made to flow, and every dead corpse hath been quickened, and every moving spirit confirmed—I entreat Thee to enable me to rid myself of all attachment to any one but Thee, and to serve Thy Cause, and to wish what Thou didst wish through the power of Thy sovereignty, and to perform what is the good pleasure of Thy will.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, moreover, O my God, to ordain for me what will make me rich enough to dispense with any one save Thee.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face turned towards Thee, and my hands clinging to the cord of Thy grace.  Send down upon me Thy mercy, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Bountiful.

  [4] BB00002MEN (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O God.  How can I make mention of Thee while Thou art sanctified from the praise of all mankind.  Magnified be Thy Name, O God, Thou art the King, the Eternal Truth; Thou knowest what is in the heavens and on the earth, and unto Thee must all return.  Thou hast sent down Thy divinely ordained Revelation according to a clear measure.  Praised art Thou, O Lord!  At Thy behest Thou dost render victorious whomsoever Thou willest, through the hosts of heaven and earth and whatsoever existeth between them.  Thou art the Sovereign, the Eternal Truth, the Lord of invincible might.
      Last:  Glorified art Thou, O Lord!  Thou forgivest at all times the sins of such among Thy servants as implore Thy pardon.  Wash away my sins and the sins of those who seek Thy forgiveness at dawn, who pray to Thee in the daytime and in the night season, who yearn after naught save God, who offer up whatsoever God hath graciously bestowed upon them, who celebrate Thy praise at morn and eventide, and who are not remiss in their duties.

  [5] BH11278RIV (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Make manifest the rivers of Thy sovereign might, that the waters of Thy Unity may flow through the inmost realities of all things, in such wise that the banner of Thine unfailing guidance may be raised aloft in the kingdom of Thy command and the stars of Thy divine splendor may shine brightly in the heaven of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou, verily, art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [6] AB05652WIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 56:62.

  [7] BH00868WIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: My God, Whom I worship and adore!  I bear witness unto Thy unity and Thy oneness, and acknowledge Thy gifts, both in the past and in the present.  Thou art the All-Bountiful, the overflowing showers of Whose mercy have rained down upon high and low alike, and the splendors of Whose grace have been shed over both the obedient and the rebellious.
      Last:  All are but poor and needy, and Thou, verily, art the All-Possessing, the All-Subduing, the All-Powerful.

  [8] BH07426DRE (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou, at Whose dreadful majesty all things have trembled, in Whose grasp are the affairs of all men, towards Whose grace and mercy are set the faces of all Thy creatures!  I entreat Thee, by Thy Name which Thou hast ordained to be the spirit of all names that are in the kingdom of names, to shield us from the whisperings of those who have turned away from Thee, and have repudiated the truth of Thy most august and most exalted Self, in this Revelation that hath caused the kingdom of Thy names to tremble.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the God of power, of strength and glory.

  [9] AB00128FEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! These are Thy feeble servants; they are Thy loyal bondsmen and Thy handmaidens, who have bowed themselves down before Thine exalted Utterance and humbled themselves at Thy Threshold of light, and borne witness to Thy oneness through which the Sun hath been made to shine in midday splendor. They have listened to the summons Thou didst raise from out Thy hidden Realm, and with hearts quivering with love and rapture, they have responded to Thy call.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Mighty, the Exalted, the Powerful, He Who alone, in the heavens and on the earth, abideth unchanged. There is none other God save Thee, the Lord of manifest tokens and signs.

  [10] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[657] Prayer UUID: 7b178856-764d-4f4e-975f-6c6437c2e450

FULL TEXT (ky):
Кантсе да аларга / элдин тандалган өкүлдөрүнө / Анын кызматчыларынын арасындагы ишеничти аткарууга жана өздөрүн жердин бардык тургундарынын өкүлдөрү катары саноого туура келет. Кимде-ким Башкаруучунун, Бардыгынан акылмандын өзү болсо, ошонун Жадыбалында аларга бергилген кеңеш ушундай. Андыктан эгерде алардын ичинен кимдир-бирөө Жыйынга жөнөй турган болсо, ал өзүнүн карегин Жогорку асман мейкиндигине бурат да, дейт/: О, менин Кудайым! Сенин өзгөчө даңктуу ысмың менен Сенден суранам-Сенин кызматчыңдын иштери жана Сенин шаарларың эмнеден улам гүлдөй турган болсо, ошону мага аткарууга жардам бер.Сенин, акыйкатында, бардык жандардын үстүнөн бийлигиң бар!

Кимде ким Кудайдын ысмынын урматына Жыйында чыгып сүйлөсө жана адамдар ортосунда адилеттүүлүккө жараша калыстык кылса, ошол ырахат алат. Ал, акыйкатында, ак бата алгандардан.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00147ORD (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Ordain for me, O my Lord, and for those who believe in Thee that which is deemed best for us in Thine estimation, as set forth in the Mother Book, for within the grasp of Thy hand Thou holdest the determined measures of all things.
      Last:  There is no power nor strength except in God, the Most Exalted, the Most Mighty.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[658] Prayer UUID: 7b70283d-2d00-49ae-a8f4-38cf81492923

FULL TEXT (ky):
* Prednáša sa každý deň ráno, na poludnie a večer

* Ak si prajete modliť sa, umyte si ruky a počas umývania rieknite:

Posilni mi ruku, ó môj Bože, aby sa Tvojej knihy mohla chopiť natoľko neochvejne, že ju zástupy sveta nikdy nepremôžu. Ochraňuj ju teda pred tým, aby sa prehŕňala v tom, čo jej nepatrí. Ty si vskutku nadovšetko Mocný, Najsilnejší.

* A počas umývania tváre rieknite:

Obrátil som k Tebe tvár, ó môj Pane! Rozjasni ju svetlom Svojho obličaja. A ďalej ju ochráň od toho, aby sa obracala k inému než k Tebe.

* Potom sa postavte a tvárou ku Qiblih (Bod uctievania, t. j. Bahjí v ‘Akke) rieknite:

Boh dosvedčuje, že niet iného Boha okrem Neho. Jemu patria kráľovstvá zjavenia a stvorenia. On v pravde prejavil Toho, kto je Úsvitom zjavenia, kto sa zhováral na Sinaji, vďaka komu sa rozžiaril Najvyšší obzor a Lotosový strom, za ktorý už nemožno ísť, prehovoril, a vďaka ktorému bolo všetkým, ktorí sú v nebesiach i na zemi, oznámené volanie: „Hľa, prišiel Vlastník všetkého! Zem i nebesia, sláva i panstvo prináležia Bohu, Pánu všetkých ľudí a Vlastníkovi Trónu na výsostiach i dolu na zemi!“

* Potom sa predkloňte rukami spočívajúc na kolenách a rieknite:

Si povznesený nad chválu moju i chválu každého okrem mňa, nad popis môj i popis všetkých, ktorí sú v nebesiach i všetkých, ktorí sú na zemi!

* Potom v stoji s rozovretými rukami a dlaňami smerujúcimi k tvári rieknite:

Ó môj Bože, nesklam toho, kto prosebnými prstami ľnul k lemu Tvojho milosrdenstva a Tvojej milosti, Ó Ty, ktorý si Najmilosrdnejší spomedzi tých, čo prejavujú milosrdenstvo!

* Potom sa posaďte a rieknite:

Dosvedčujem Tvoju jednotu a Tvoju jedinosť a to, že Ty si Boh a že niet iného Boha okrem Teba. Vskutku, zjavil si Svoju vec, naplnil Svoju Zmluvu a dokorán otvoril dvercia Svojej milosti pre všetkých, ktorí prebývajú na nebesiach i na zemi. Požehnanie a pokoj, pozdrav a sláva nech spočinú na Tvojich milovaných, ktorých zmeny a náhody sveta neodradili od toho, aby sa k Tebe obrátili, a ktorí venovali úplne všetko, čo mali, v nádeji, že získajú to, čo Ti patrí. Ty si v pravde, nadovšetko Odpúšťajúci, nadovšetko Štedrý.

*(Bude postačujúce, keby ste sa namiesto dlhého verša rozhodli vyrieknuť len tieto slová: „Boh dosvedčuje, že niet iného Boha okrem Neho, Pomocníka v nebezpečí, Sebedostačujúceho.“ A rovnako postačí, keby ste sa v sede rozhodli vyriecť tieto slová: „Dosvedčujem Tvoju jednotu a Tvoju jedinosť a to, že Ty si Boh a že niet iného Boha okrem Teba.“)

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [2] BB00018MAJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: All majesty and glory, O my God, and all dominion and light and grandeur and splendor be unto Thee.  Thou bestowest sovereignty on whom Thou willest and dost withhold it from whom Thou desirest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.  Thou art He Who createth from naught the universe and all that dwell therein. There is nothing worthy of Thee except Thyself, while all else but Thee are as outcasts in Thy holy presence and are as nothing when compared to the glory of Thine Own Being.
      Last:  * 1. Qur'án 6:103

  [3] BH00154FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The Kitáb-i-Aqdas states: “We have commanded you to pray and fast from the beginning of maturity [15 years]; this is ordained by God, your Lord and the Lord of your forefathers...  The traveler, the ailing, those who are with child or giving suck, are not bound by the fast... Abstain from food and drink from sunrise to sundown, and beware lest desire deprive you of this grace that is appointed in the Book.”
      Last:  Assist them, O my God, to render Thee victorious and to exalt Thy Word.  Suffer them, then, to become as hands of Thy Cause amongst Thy servants, and make them to be revealers of Thy religion and Thy signs amongst mankind, in such wise that the whole world may be filled with Thy remembrance and praise and with Thy proofs and evidences.  Thou art, verily, the All-Bounteous, the Most Exalted, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Merciful.

  [4] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[659] Prayer UUID: 7c346b8b-11e0-492d-8f7a-3662e84d7aae

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, Кудай, о Кудай! Сенин сүйүүңдүн учугунан ишенимдүү кармап, мен өз үйүмдөн чыктым, ошондой эле Сенин камкордугуңа Жана Сенин коргоңо мен өзүмдү баш-отум менен тапшырдым. Сен өзүңдүн сүйгөндөрүңдү адашкандардан жана бузулгандардан, ар кандай зордук-зомбулуктарды жаратып жаткандардан, Сенден алыста адашкан ар кандай кара санатайлардан коркунучсуз калган Сенин күч кубатың менен Сага: өзүңдүн ак көңүлдүлүгүң жана жыргалың менен мени сакта, деп сыйынам. Сенин кҮч кубатың жана Сенин күчүң менен мага үйүмө кайтууга уруксаат эт.

Акыйкатында, Сен Бардыгынан күч-кубаттусуң, коркунучта Жардамчысың, өзү жыргалсың.

О, Теңирим, мага жана кимде- ким Сага ишенсе, ошолорго Эне-китепте көрсөтҮлгөндөй Сенин пикириңде биз үчүн эң жакшыраагын аныкта, анткени бардык нерселер үчүн аныкталган чараларды Сен өзүңдө кармап турасың.

Сенин жакшылык белектериң кимде-ким Сага карай сүйүү менен каныкса, ошолорго үзгүлтүксүз төгүлүдө, ошондой эле Сенин көктөгү ак көңүлдүүлүгүң таң калтырган белгилери менен, кимде-ким Сенин кереметтүү бирдигиңди тааныса, ошолорго көбүрөөк басымдуулук кылат. Сен биз үчүн эмнени Гана даярдабагын биз Сенин камкордугуңа бардыгын тапшырабыз, ошондой эле Сенин билимиңде жакшылыктардын эмнеси болсо, бардыгын бизге төмөн жөнөтүүңдү Сенден жалынып сурайбыз.

О. Теңирим, ошол Сенин бардык карамагыңдагы айырмалаган бардык ар кандай балаадан мени корго, анткени Сендегидейден бөлөк бөлөк күч кубат да, кҮч да жок, Сенин катышып отурганыңдай бөлөк салтанат болбойт, андыдыктан сага Гана буйрйк кылууга туура келет. Кдай эмнени Гана кааласа, болот, ал эми Ал эмнени каалабаса, ал болбойт.

Кудайдагы, өтө жогорку, өтө күч кубаттуулуктан бөлөк күч- кубат да, күч да жок.

О, Кудай, Сен даңктуу бол! Баарынан мурда Ким болгон, бардыгынан кийин Ким болот жана ар кандай нерсе өткөн кезде Ким калат, Сен-Кудай.

Бардыгын жана бардыгынан көбүүрөөк Ким билет, Сен –Кудай. Бардыгына карай Ким ак көңҮл, бардыгына Ким калыстык кылат жана бардык жандууну Ким өзҮнҮн көз карашы менен кучагына алат, Сег-Кудай. Сен-менин Кудай Теңиримсиң, менин абалым туурасында Сен билесиң, Сен менин тышкы маңызым кандай болсо, ичимди да так ошондой билесиң.

Өзүңдүн кечиримиңди мага жана Сенин Чакырыгыңа кимдер жооп кайтарса, ошол динчилдерге белек эт. Кимде-ким мага кырсыктарды алып келүүнү же мага жамандыгын тийгизинүү кааласа, алардын жамандыктарынан менин ишенимдүү көрөгөчҮм бол. Акыйкатында, Сен бардык жандардын Теңирисиң. Сен ар кандай нерсени бөлҮштҮрө аласың; андыктан Сенсиз эчким жашай албайт.

О, Теңңир, Сен тарабынан эмне жаратылган же жаратылаар болсо, бардык жакшы нерселерди менин таалайыма жаз, ошондой эле Сен тарабынан жашоого карай эмне чакырылса же чакырыла турган болсо, ошолордун бардыгынын арасынан ошол Сага жек көрҮнгөн бардык ар кандай балаадан мени сакта. Акыйкат, Сенин карамагың бардык жандарды камтыйт. Сага алкоо! Акыйкатында, Сенден бөлөк, Кудай жок, андыктан көктө болобу, же жерде болобу, алардын аралыгында болобу. Эч нерсе эч качан Сенин эркиңди аткарууга жотоо боло албайт. Акыйкатында, Сен бардык жандардын үстүнөн өкүмчүлүк кыласың. О, менин Кудайым, Ким Сенин ырайымдуулугуңдан жана ырайыңдан эмнени издесе, ошол Сенин Жаныңдан, көкөлөтүлгөн Маңыздан ошончолук алыс. Ар ким Сенин белектериңдин жана Сенин камкордугуңдун күбөлүгүн келтиринүү Сенден жалынып суранышса, ошолор Сенин чектен тышкары даңкыңдан ошончолук алыс. Кимдир-бирөөлөрдүн жаны Сенин ак көңүлдүү кудуретиңдин жана назик камкордугуңдун пайда болушу туурасында Сенден жалынып сурагыдай болсун үчүн, ошондой эле кимдир-бирөө Сенин ак батаңдын төгүлүшү туурасында жана Сенин кудайлык белектериң жана ак көңүлдүүлүктөрүң туурасында өтүнгүдөй болсун үчүн Сен өтө эле жогорудасың. Ким өтө көп белектер менен энчиленген болсо, ошол Сенин Көктөү Жана жердеги дүйнөндө кандардыр –бир жаратылууларга эмне таандык болсо, ошолордун бардыгынын үстүндө Сен ченемсиз жогору көтөрүгөнсүң

О, менин Кудайым, менин жаным денемди таштап кетерден мурда, мага Сенин ырайыңа, мейли, ал мага, а түгүл күкүмдөйдөн да кичирээк болгон аралыктагы көз ирмемге тартууланса да, аралаша жүрүүгө уруксат бер деп Сага сыйыңар элем. Анткени, эгерде менен жаным ошол, Сен мага ыраазы болгон кездеги көз ирмемде, денемди таштап кетсе , мен корку жана тынчсыздануулардан арылган болор элем; бирок эгерде эле менин жаным мен бардык жакшылык иштерди орундаткан болсом жана бардык сый- урматка жана атак-даңкка жетишкен болсом деле Сенин нааразылыгыңа ылайык эмгек жасагандай болуп көрҮнгөн кезде, ошондой мезгилде таштап кетсе, анда эч нерсе мени жогору көтөрө албайт.

Ошондуктан мен Сага, о, менин Кудайым, мени асманга -өзүңө карай чакырган жана мени -өзүңдүн ыйык катышып отурууңда алдыңа келип турууга буйурган кезде Сенин ырайыңды мага ак көңүүлдүлүк менен төмөн Жиберүүңдү Сенден чын дилимден жалыңып суранам, анткени Сенин дүйнөң-дүң тургундары үчүн ченемсиз жоомариттыктын Сен түбөлүктүү Кудайы жана кимде-ким Сенин Бардыгынынан күч-кубаттулугуңдун жогорку чектерин-де мекендеген болсо, бардыгы үчүн эң сонун белектердин Теңири болуп келгенсиң.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[660] Prayer UUID: 7c9b01f2-e375-4f5c-a8a3-556bef36986d

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, Теңир, жараткан Кудайым, Сен даңтуусуң! Сенин күндөрүңдөгү жашоого карай Сенин мени чакыргандыгыңа, ошондой эле Сенин Сүйүүң жана Сенин билимиң менен каныккандыгыма Сага ыраазымын. Ошол Сенин акылмандыгыңдын тунук берметтери жана сага жакын турган Сенин ошол кызматчыларыңдын жүрөктөрүнүн кенчинин көрүнүшүнүн сөз тутумдары болгон, ошондой эле Сенин асманыңдагы жана Сенин жердеги бардык жандарды Сенин “Жан тартуучу” деп аталган ысмыңдын Күндүзгү Жылдызы жаркыратып турган Сенин ысмың менен: Сенин жыргалың жана жоомарттыгына жараша, Сенин таң каларлык жана касиеттүү белектериңди мага бер, деп Сага жалбарам.

О, Кудайым, Сен Өзүңдүн Менчик күндөрүң менен байланыштырган соң, бул күндөр-менин өмүрүмдүн баштапкы күндөрү. Сен мага улуу сыймыкты тартууладың, Сен Өзүңдүн тандалгандарың үчүн эмнени даярдасаң, аны менден мындай кармаба.

О, Кудайым, мен бар болгону ошол Сен Өзүңдүн сүйүүңдүн кыртышына отургузулган жана Сен Өзүңдүн жоомарт колуң менен өнүп чыгууга буйруган кичинекей данмын. Ошондуктан ошол дан Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүңдүн суулары жана Сенин жыргалыңдын мүрөк булагы туурасында өзүңүн жан дүйнөсүнүн эң тереңинен сыйынат. Ага Сенин сарайыңдын чектеринде Сенин көлөкөңдүн алдында гүлдөөргө ага эмнелер күч бере турган болсо, ошолорду Сенин назик камкордуктарыңдын асманынан ага төмөн жөнөт. Кимде-ким Сенин мол агыныңдын жана Сенин жандандыруучу булагыңдын сууларынын нымы менен Сени тааныгандардын жүрөктөрүн сугарса, Ошонун өзү Сен.

Дүйнөлөрдүн Теңири, Кудай даңктуу болсун!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [2] BH11278RIV (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Make manifest the rivers of Thy sovereign might, that the waters of Thy Unity may flow through the inmost realities of all things, in such wise that the banner of Thine unfailing guidance may be raised aloft in the kingdom of Thy command and the stars of Thy divine splendor may shine brightly in the heaven of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou, verily, art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[661] Prayer UUID: 7d01fbf7-e8e1-43b0-99d2-89c5cd29b620

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[662] Prayer UUID: 7f6f1f79-b69f-4291-a19c-32c7a40b15ac

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, айланайын Кудайым, ар кандай улуулук жана даңк, ар кандай үстөмдүк, жарык, шаан-шөкөт жана жарк этүү Сага таандык. Кимге кааласаң, өкүмчүлүктү Сен ошого тартуулайсың. Кимден кааласаң, аны тартып аласың. Бардыгына ээлик кылуучу, Өтө көкөлөтүлгөн Сенден бөлөк Кудай жок. Сен жок жерден Ааламды жана андагы бардык жандарды жаратасың. Сенин Өзүңдөн бөлөк, Сага татыктуу богудай эч нерсе жок, - Сенден тышкары бөлөк, Сага татыктуу болгудай эч нерсе жок, - Сенден тышкары бөлөк бардыгы, Сенин ыйык катышып отурууңа маңызы катардан чыккандар жана Сенин Жашооңдогу даңктын алдында таптакыр санда жоктор гана.

Ырас, Сенин нарктуулугуңду, алар Сенин Өзүңдүн тарабынан Сенин салмактуу Китебиңде айтылгандагыга караганда, Сен: “Ага каректер жетпейт, бирок Ал каректерге жетет. Ал Көрөгөч, Баамчыл.” / Куран 6:103/деп айткандагыдан бөлөкчө менин айта алганым жок. О, айланайын Кудайым, Сага даңк, анткени, чындыгына келгенде, эч кандай акыл –эс же көз караш, ал кандай гана курч жана сезимтал болбосун, а түгүл Сенин белгилериңдин ичинен өтө эле мааниси жок нерселердин табиятына да жетпейт. Акыйкатын да, Сен Кудайдын өзүсүң, андыктан Сенден бөлөк Кудай жок. Бир Сен гана Өзүңдүн сапатыңды жүзөгө ашыра ала тургандыгына, Сенден бөлөк эч кимдимн алкоосу Сенин ыйык сарайыңа жете албай тургандыгына жана Сенин сапатыңа Сенден тышкары эч ким түшүнө албай тургандыгына күбө өтөмүн.

Сага даңк-Сен, Сенин Өзүңдөн тышкары кимдир-бирөөлөрдүн баяндоолорунан өтө жогору көкөлөтүлгөнсүң, анткени Сенин нарктуулугуңду тиешелүү түрдө мактоо же Сенин Маңызыңдын өтө терең табиятын түшүнө билүү адамзат акыл-эсинин мүмкүнчүлүктөрүнөн өтө жогору. Сенин жараткандарың Сени баяндасын же Сенин Өзүңдөн бөлөк, башка кимдер-бирөө Сени таанысын үчүн Сенин даңкың ылайык келбейт. О, айланайын Кудайым, Мен Спни таанып-билдим, себеби Сен Өзүң жөнүндө мага билдирдиң, андыктан качандыр-бир кезде Сен Өзүң мага келбесең мен Сени таанып-билмек эмесмин. Мен Сага табынамын, анткени Сен мени Өзүңө карай чакырдың, андыктан качандыр-бир кезде Сенин чакырыгың болбосо, мен Сага табынмак эмесмин. О, айланайын Кудайым, Сен даңктуусуң; мени айыптарым оор, андыктан менин күнөөрүм өтө чоң. Сенин ыйык катышып отурууңда менин көргүлүгүм ошончолук маскаралуу болуп калат. Сен мага Өзүңдүн кандай келтирсең, ошондой ченемде мен Сени таанып-биле алганым жок; Сенин чакырыгыңа татыктуу берилгендик менен мен Сага табына алганым жок; мен Саг баш ийе албадым, анткени Сен мени шыктандыргандагыдай Сенин сүйүүңдүн жолу боюнча жүргөнүм жок.

О, айланайын Кудайм, Сага эмне ылайыктуу болсо, ошол жандуулар түшүнүүгө чебер аракет кылышкандыктарынан бардыгынан ченемсиз улуураак жана бийигирээк мага Сенин күч-кубатың күбө өтөт. Акыйкатында, ошол Сага татыктуу боло, тургандай, Сага эч ким түшүнө албайт, андыктан жүгүнүүчү жандын эч кимиси, ушул Сенин эң сонундугуңа ылайык келгенден Сага жүгүнө албайт. О, кагылайын Кудайым, ар кандай жан эмнени баяндаса, ошондон жогору экендигинин ошончолук жеткиликтүү жана бардыгын камтыган далил баган Сенин белектериңдин төгүлүшүнүн ошончолук молдугу.

О, айланайын Кудайым! О, менин Төрөм! Сенин көп түрлүү жоомарттыгың жана Сенин даңкыңдын тактысы кимдерге негизделип жатса, ошол Сенин мыктыларың менен: ушул туруму жок жашоонун сыноолорун баштан кечирүүдө жана андан алда канча азыраак жазанын оордугу алдында чыдоодо, Сенин адилеттүүлүгүңдүн боюнча кимдерге таңууланса, анан ал Сенин колдооңдон улам чыкса жана ал түбөлүк болсо, кимдер күчсүздүк кылышса, ошол момун жандарга карай кайрылыш, -деп мен Сага жалбарам.

О, айланайын Кудайым, менин Төрөм жана менин Өкүмдарым, Сенин Өзүң менен-, мен үчүн тур, - деп мен Сага сыйынам. Мен Сенин адилеттүүлүгүңдөн Сенин ырайымдуулугуңа карай качтым. Өзүмдү жашыруу үчүн мен Сенин жана кимде-ким көз ирмемде да Сенин жолуңдан кайтпаса, ошолорду, Сенин жыргалыңдын жана жоомарттыгыңдын белгиси катарында жаратылууну Сен кимдер үчүн жараттың, ошолорду гана издем жүрөм.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00018MAJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: All majesty and glory, O my God, and all dominion and light and grandeur and splendor be unto Thee.  Thou bestowest sovereignty on whom Thou willest and dost withhold it from whom Thou desirest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.  Thou art He Who createth from naught the universe and all that dwell therein. There is nothing worthy of Thee except Thyself, while all else but Thee are as outcasts in Thy holy presence and are as nothing when compared to the glory of Thine Own Being.
      Last:  * 1. Qur'án 6:103

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[663] Prayer UUID: 81809672-0f64-4f4c-b1e0-20c053f80097

FULL TEXT (ky):
Inti glorifikat, O Sid Alla tiegħi! Nitolbok f’ġieh l-irjieħ neffieħa tal-grazzja tiegħeK, u f’ġieh dawk Li huma l-Egħjun il-Jum tal-għan tiegħeK u Mkejjen is-Sebħ tal-lehma tiegħeK, biex tibgħat fuqi u fuq dawk kollha li fittxew wiċċeK dak li jidhrilhom it-tjieba tiegħeK u l-grazzja kotrana, u xieraq għal għotjieteK u għoġbateK. Imsejken u kiebi jien, O Sid tiegħi!
Għaddasni fl-oċejan tal-ġid tiegħeK; bil-għatx, ħallini nixrob mill-ilma ħaj ta’ mhabbteK- ħanina.

NitolboK, f’ġieh Innifsek u f’ġieh Dak li  Int ħtart bħala Wirja tal-Essenza tiegħeK u l-Kelma reqqija tiegħeK lil kulma jinsab fis-sema u fuq l-art, biex tiġbor flimkien il-qaddejja tiegħeK taħt il-dell tas-Siġra tal-Providenza ħlejja tiegħeK. Għinhom, immela, biex jiksbu sehemhom mill-frott tagħha, imejlu widnejhom lejn it-tħaxwix tal-weraq tagħha, u għall-ħlewwa ta’ leħen l-Għasfur li jgħanni fuq il-friegħi tagħha. Inti, fis-sewwa, l-Għajnuna fis-Saram, li Ma tistax Tintlaħaq, is-Setgħani, l-Aktar Tajjeb.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[664] Prayer UUID: 85cb39ea-433d-438e-b5c3-ce13cfb19cde

FULL TEXT (ky):
Imkabbar Ikun ismeK, O Sid Alla tiegħi! Int huwa Dak Li l-ħwejjeġ kollha jqimu u Li ma tqim lil ħadd, Li int is-Sid ta’ kollox u il-qaddej ta’ xejn, Li taf kollox u magħruf minn xejn. Inti xtaqt li l-bnedmin ikunu jafuK; għalhekk, Int, bil-kelma ta’ fommoK, sawwart il-ħolqien u fassalt l-univers. M’hemmx Alla ieħor għajreK, il-Fassal, il-Ħallieq, is-Setgħan, l-Aktar Qawwi.

Nitolbok, f’ġieh din il-kelma li iddiet fuq ix-xefaq tar-rieda tiegħeK, li tħallini nixrob fit-tul mill-ilmijiet ħajja li bihom Inti ħjejt il-qlub tal-magħżulin tiegħeK u ħeġġiġt l-erwieh ta’ dawk li jħobbuK, sabiex jien, kull hin u f’kull qagħda, indawwar wiċċi għal kollox lejK.

Int l-Alla tal-qawwa, tal-glorja u tal- ġid. M’hemmx Alla għajreK, il-Mexxej Suprem, il-Glorjuż f’Kollox, li Jaf Kollox.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[665] Prayer UUID: 865e4083-66f4-4725-8de7-7e162aa12b70

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, Кудай, айланайын Кудайым! Сага ушул күн аял Сага ишенип,өзүнүн жүзүн Сага карай буруп,Сага жалынат,ошондой эле ага Сенин Рухий жоомарттыгыңды берүүнү, анын алдында Сенин Рух сырларыңды ачууну жана ага Сенин Маңызыңдын жарыгын төгүүнү сурап сыйынат.

О, айланайын Теңирим! Менин күйөөмдүн көздөрүнө көрүүнү бер. Анын жүрөгүн Сен жөнүндөгү билимдин жарыгы менен кубант, анын акыл-эсин Сенин нурланган сулуулугуңа карай тарт, анын рухун Сенин анык улуулугуңдун ачылышы менен көтөр.

О, кагылайын Теңирим! Анын карегинен көшөгөнү түшүр. Ага Сенин мол жоомарттыгыңды төк, аны Сага карай сүйүүнүн шарабы менен мас кыл, аны ким буттары жерди таканчыктап, ал эми жаны жогорку асманда кайкып учса,ошону Сенин периштелериңдин биринен кыл. Ылайым, ал Сенин элиңдин арасында Сенин акылмандыгыдын жарыгын шооланткан, апачык чырак болуп калсын.

Акыйкатында, Сен Баалуусуң,Түбөлүк Бөлүштүрүүчүсүң,Жоомарт,Сый-корсуң.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10492 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind lord!
      Last:  Thou art the Bestower, the All-Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[667] Prayer UUID: 8f21559b-90b3-4cae-894d-bc0eb64f9cae

FULL TEXT (ky):
Ó môj Pane! Ó môj Pane! Som dieťatko v útlom veku. Živ ma z ňadier Svojho milosrdenstva, vychovávaj ma v náručí Svojej lásky, vzdelávaj ma v škole Svojho vedenia a rozvíjaj ma v tôni Svojej štedrosti! Vyveď ma z temnoty, učiň ma trblietavým svetlom, vysloboď ma z nešťastia a učiň ma kvetom ružovej záhrady! Daj, aby som sa stalo služobníkom Tvojho prahu, a udeľ mi povahu a podstatu spravodlivých. Učiň ma príčinou požehnania ľudského sveta a hlavu mi korunuj diadémom života večného! Vskutku, Ty si Silný, Mocný, Vidiaci, Slyšiaci.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (6 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] AB09794CHI (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  I am a child; enable me to grow beneath the shadow of Thy loving-kindness.  I am a tender plant; cause me to be nurtured through the outpourings of the clouds of Thy bounty.  I am a sapling of the garden of love; make me into a fruitful tree.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Loving, the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

  [3] AB02596 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord!  O my Lord!  These two bright orbs are wedded in Thy love, conjoined in servitude to Thy Holy Threshold, united in ministering to thy Cause.  Make Thou this marriage to be as threading lights of Thine abounding grace, O my Lord, the All-Merciful, and luminous rays of Thy bestowals, O Thou the Beneficent, the Ever-Giving, that there may branch out from this great tree boughs that will grow green and flourishing through the gifts that rain down from Thy clouds of grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous.  Verily, Thou art the Compassionate, the All-Merciful.

  [4] AB09040 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord!
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Seer, the Hearer.

  [5] AB09139 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! O my God! This, Thy servant, hath advanced towards Thee, is passionately wandering in the desert of Thy love, walking in the path of Thy service, anticipating Thy favors, hoping for Thy bounty, relying upon Thy kingdom, and intoxicated by the wine of Thy gift. O my God! Increase the fervor of his affection for Thee, the constancy of his praise of Thee, and the ardor of his love for Thee.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Most Generous, the Lord of grace abounding. There is no other God but Thee, the Forgiving, the Merciful.

  [6] ABU0268AME (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  This gathering is turning to Thee.  These hearts are radiant with Thy love.  These minds and spirits are exhilarated by the message of Thy glad-tidings.  O God!  Let this American democracy become glorious in spiritual degrees even as it has aspired to material degrees, and render this just government victorious.  Confirm this revered nation to upraise the standard of the oneness of humanity, to promulgate the Most Great Peace, to become thereby most glorious and praiseworthy among all the nations of the world.  O God! This American nation is worthy of Thy favors and is deserving of Thy mercy.  Make it precious and near to Thee through Thy bounty and bestowal.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[669] Prayer UUID: 90c534b0-ed67-4a10-9586-f11822c6af70

FULL TEXT (ky):
Кимдин ажары менин аздетөөм+дүн заты, Кимдин сулуулугу –менин сыйынчу үйүм, Кимдин үй-жайы-менин умтулушумдун максаты, Кимдин алкоосу –менин үмүтүм, Кимдин кудурети –менин жандоочум, Кимдин сүйүүсү- менин тиричилигимдин себеби, Кимдин эске алуусу –менин сооротуучум, Кимдин жакындыгы –менин эңсөөм, Кимдин келип катышуусу –менин көксөгөн тилегим жана жогорку умтулуум болгон,о, Сен; Сенин куулдарыңдын арасындагы тандалгандар үчүн Сен эмнени аныктаган болсоң, ошону мага жок дебе, деп Сага сыйынам, Ушул дүйнөнүн жана келечектеги дүйнөнүн жакшылыгы менен мени азыктандыр.

Сен, акыйкатыңда, элдердин Падышасысың. Түбөлүк Кечиримдүү, өтө жоомарт, Сенден бөлөк, Кудай жок.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH08604 (Confidence: %!d(float64=65)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Whose nearness is my wish, Whose presence is my hope, Whose remembrance is my desire, Whose court of glory is my goal, Whose abode is my aim, Whose name is my healing, Whose love is the radiance of my heart, Whose service is my highest aspiration!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou hast enabled them that have recognized Thee to soar to the sublimest heights of the knowledge of Thee and empowered such as devoutly worship Thee to ascend into the precincts of the court of Thy holy favors, to aid me to turn my face towards Thy face, to fix mine eyes upon Thee, and to speak of Thy glory.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the God of Power, the Help in Peril, the All-Glorious, the Almighty.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[671] Prayer UUID: 9c5e496d-987e-490c-b1e8-e8bba5d3b0e7

FULL TEXT (ky):
Ал Падышанын өзү, Бардыгын билүүчү, Акылман! Мына, Кудайдын жакындыгы жөнүндөгү кубанычтуу кабарды такыбаларга ыйык жана укулуктуу обондор менен жарыялап, кимде ким Кудайдын Бирдигине ишенсе, ошолорду Айкөл Теңир Өзү катышып отуруусунун сарайына чакырып, Кудай, Падыша, Даңктуу, Салыштырылгыс тарабынан келтирилген кат жөнүндө, ажырап кеткендерге кабарлап, ыйыктыктын тактысына жана ушул нуру төгүлгөн Сулуулукка ашык болгондорду жөнөтүп, Түбөлүктүүлүктүн Дарагынын бутактарында Бейиш булбулу сайрап жатат.

Акыйкатында, ушул адашуулардын айырмалана турган Ошол чындык жана ар кандай осуяттарда сынала турган акылмандык аркылуу Элчи Пайгамбарлар Китептеринди алдын ала айтылган ошол Улуу сулуулуктун өзү. Акыйкатында, Ал чексиз даңазалуу, чексиз кудуреттүү, эбегейсиз мөмөлөрү өнүп чыккан өмүр дарагынын өзү.

О, Ахмад! Акыйкатында, Ал Кудайдын өзү жана Падыша, Колдоочу, Теңдешсиз, Бардыгынан Кудуреттүү, Андан бөлөк Кудай жок экендигине деги күбө өтчү. Ошондой эле Али деген ат менен Кимди жөнөтсө, Ал Кудайдын чын кишиси биз бардыгыбыз анын жолун жолдоп, айтканы менен болобуз.

О, адамдар, Даңктуу, Акылдуу, Байан Китебинде алдын ала жазылган Кудайдын осуяттарына баш ийгиле. Акыйкатында, Ал элдердин Падышасынын өзү, ошондой эле Анын Китеби Эне-Китептин өзү, ылайым, ушул нерсе силерге белгилүү болсун, - деп.

Ушул зындандын ичинен Булбул өзүнүн чакырыгын силерге ушундайча кабарлайт. Ал ушул ачык катты өткөрүп берүүсү гана тийиш. Ким кааласа, ушул кеңештен баш тартсын, ал эми ким кааласа, өзүнүн Теңирине карай жолду тандасын.

О, адамдар, эгерде силер ушул сөздөрдү четке каксаңар, анда Силер ким аркылуу Кудайга ишендирдиңер деги далилиңер кайда? Алдамчы анткорлор, кана тапкыла жолуңарды.

Жо-жок, менин жан дүйнөм Кимдин колунда болсо, Ошону менен ант берем, алар а түгүл, бири-бирине жардам берүү үчүн биригишсин, муну эч качан жасай алышпайт.

О, Ахмад! Менин жогумда Менин белектеримди унутпа. Сен жашаган күндөрдө менин жашаган күндөрүмдү эсте, Менин кайгы-капамды жөнүндө жана куугунтукталып, камалып, камыгып жатканды эсте. Мени сүйгөндөн танба, туруктуу бол, кас душмандардын кылычтары жапыр суурулуп, башыңды алууга сунса да мүлдө асма менен жер биригип, Сага каршы турса да жүрөгүң солк этпесин.

Менин душмандарым үчүн оттун жалындай жана Менин сүйгөндөрүм үчүн түбөлүктүү жашоонун өзөн суусу сыяктуу бол, эчкачан ортодо олку-солку болгондордун арасында болбо.

Эгерде эле Менин жолумда сени кырсыктар чала турган болсо, эгерде эле Менин ысмымдан жоготууларга учурай турган болсоң, бул туурасында санаа тартпа, капаланба.

Кудайга таян, өзүңдүн Кудайңа, өзүңдүн бабаларың сыйынган Кудайга таян. Анткени адашуунун жолунда, көздөрү Кудайды көрбөй, кулактары Кудайды үнүн укпай, адамдар ак жолдон адашып баратат. Биз аларды адашкан жолдон таптык, ага өзүң күбөсүң.

Ушентип, адамдар жок нерсеге ишениш көздөрүн чел каптап, жүрөктөрүн дат басып, араларына көшөгө тартылып, даңазалуу, улуу Кудайдын ак жолунан адашып кетишти.

Сен Өзүңө ишен, чындыгында кылымдан кылымга бул сулуулуктан баш тарткандар өткөндөгү Кудайдын өкүлдөрүнөн да баш тартып, теңирге текерлигин көрсөттү.

О, Ахмад, ушул билген билимиңди бекем карма, муну Өзүңдүн күндөрүндө ырда жана андан токтолбо. Анткени, акыйкатында, аны ким ырдаса, Кудай аларга сыйлык кабары түз, азап чекеңди жана эки дүйнөдө тең урмат тартуулады, сен да ак бата алгандардын арасында болуш үчүн, жараткан теңирден жардамы менен биз сага бейиш жыргалдарын арнадык.

Кудайдын аты менен! Кимде-ким кырсык чалганда же азапка малынганда ушул кат-наманы жан-дили менен окуса, Кудай анын кайгысын таркатат, - анын кыйынчылыгын четет жана анын кырсыктарынан арылтат.

Ал, акыйкатында, Ак көңүл, Жан тартуучу. Кудай, бардык дүйнөлөрдүн Теңири даңктуу болсун!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[672] Prayer UUID: 9f621724-32e6-4ae8-beff-a51e92b4c8bf

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, Теңир, менин Аздектөөм, менин Эңсөөм! Менин Сага болгон алкоомду кимдин озу билдире алат? Мен бейгам элем, Сен мени ойготтуң. Мен Сенден бурулуп кеттим, Сен ак көңүлдүүлүгүң менен Сага карай кайрадан кайрылууга мага жардам эттиң. Мен өлүк сыяктуу элем, Сен мени жашоо суусу менен жандаттың. Мен солуп бараттым, Өзүңдүн Калемиңден Бардыгына ак көңүлдүүлүк менен төгүлгөн Сенин сөз тутмдарыңдын көктөгү агыны менен мени Сен кайрадан жараттың.

О,жараткан Кудурет! Бардык жандуулар Сенин жакындыгыңа жараша башталган; Сенин жоомарттыгыңдын нымдуулугунан бизди жөн эле ажыратып салба жана Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүңдүн океанынан бизди чыгарып салба. Сага: ар кандай мезгилде жана ар кандай абалда мага жардам бер жана мени колдо,-деп сыйынам; мен Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүңдүн асманынан Сенин түбөлүктүү ылым санооңду талашкым бар. Сен, акыйкатыңда, жакшылыктын Теңирисиң жана түбөлүктүүлүк дүйнөсүнүн Чексиз укуктуу кожоюнусуңсуң.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[674] Prayer UUID: a3172c7799ee

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB09794CHI (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  I am a child; enable me to grow beneath the shadow of Thy loving-kindness.  I am a tender plant; cause me to be nurtured through the outpourings of the clouds of Thy bounty.  I am a sapling of the garden of love; make me into a fruitful tree.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Loving, the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[675] Prayer UUID: a6cccb96-8935-444c-8284-3d9f92fd3ee3

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, Кудай, Сага даңк, анткени Сен адамзатка арнап сүйүүңдү жараттың. О, Сен, Биздин Жашоо, Жарык да биздики, Сенин кызматчыларыңды Сенин жолуң боюнча алып жөнө, бизди Сендеги байлар кыл жана бизди сендеги байлар кыл жана биздин бөлөк бардык нерселерден куткар.

О, Кудай, бизди Өзүңдүн Жападан-жалгыздыгыңдын түшүнү жолуна сал жана Сенден бөлөк, эч кимди биз көрбөгүдөй болуубуз үчүн Сенин бирдигиңди аңдап- билүүгө бизди ылайык көр. Сен Ак көңүлдүүсүң, Жыргалдарды берүүчүсүң!

О, Кудай, ал Сен тууралуу ойдон бөлөк, ар кандай ойлорду жоюп салгыдай, болсун үчүн Сага карай сүйүүнүн отун Сенин сүйгөндөрүңдүн жүрөктөрүндө жандыр.

О, Кудай, Сенин жогору көтөрүлгөн түбөлүктүүлүгүңдү – Сенин түштөгүдөй жана кылымдардын кылымдарга жашай тургандыгыңды, ошондой эле Сенден бөлөк, Кудайдын жоктугун – бизге көрсөт. Акыйкатыңда, көңүл жубатууну жана күчтү биз Сенден табабыз.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00002MEN (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O God.  How can I make mention of Thee while Thou art sanctified from the praise of all mankind.  Magnified be Thy Name, O God, Thou art the King, the Eternal Truth; Thou knowest what is in the heavens and on the earth, and unto Thee must all return.  Thou hast sent down Thy divinely ordained Revelation according to a clear measure.  Praised art Thou, O Lord!  At Thy behest Thou dost render victorious whomsoever Thou willest, through the hosts of heaven and earth and whatsoever existeth between them.  Thou art the Sovereign, the Eternal Truth, the Lord of invincible might.
      Last:  Glorified art Thou, O Lord!  Thou forgivest at all times the sins of such among Thy servants as implore Thy pardon.  Wash away my sins and the sins of those who seek Thy forgiveness at dawn, who pray to Thee in the daytime and in the night season, who yearn after naught save God, who offer up whatsoever God hath graciously bestowed upon them, who celebrate Thy praise at morn and eventide, and who are not remiss in their duties.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[677] Prayer UUID: b03615c3-aa6a-4f55-9cf3-99932a6610af

FULL TEXT (ky):
Glorja lileK, O Sid Alla tiegħi!  Nitolbok f’ġieh il-Magħżulin tiegħeK, u f’ġieh ir-Reffiegħa tal-Fiduċja tiegħeK, u f’ġieh Dak Li Int għażilt biex ikun is-Siġill tal-Profeti tiegħeK u tal-Qaddejja tiegħeK, biex tagħmel il-fakra fiK is-sieħba tiegħi, u l-imħabba tiegħeK il-mira tiegħi, u wiċċeK il-għan tiegħi, u ismeK il-lampa tiegħi, u xewqteK  xewqti, 
u l-għoġba tiegħek l-għaxqa tiegħi.

Jiena midneb, O Sid tiegħi, u Inti Dak li Dejjem-Taħfer. Malli jien għarafteK, jien għaġġilt biex nikseb il-qorti għolja ta’ mħabbteK-ħanina. Aħfirli, O Sid tiegħi, dnubieti li żammewni lura milli nimxi fil-passi tal-għoġba tajba tiegħeK, u milli nilħaq is-xtut tal-oċejan ta’ waħdaneK.

M’hemm ħadd, O Sid tiegħi, li jaf jurini tjieba li lejh nista’ ndawwar wiċċi, u ħadd li jista’ jħenn għalija li nista’ nixxennaq għall-ħniena tiegħu. Tkeċċinix ‘il barra, nitolboK, mill-preżenza tal-grazzja tiegħeK, lanqas Inti ma żżomm lura minni it-tixrid tal-ġenerożità u t-tjieba tiegħeK. Amar għalija, O Sid tiegħi, dak li Int amart għal dawk li jħobbuK, u niżżel għalija dak li Inti ktibt għall- magħżulin tiegħeK. Ħarsti, il-ħin kollu, kienet imwħħla fuq ix-xefaq tal-providenza ħlejja tiegħeK, u għajnejja mdawrin għal fuq il-qorti tal-ħniniet teneri tiegħeK. Agħmel bija dak li jogħġob lileK. M’hemmx Alla ieħor għajreK, l-Alla tas-setgħa, l-Alla tal-glorja, li l-ghajnuna tiegħU tintalab mill-bnedmin kollha.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[678] Prayer UUID: b159de25-c817-4820-9ba4-23bb4b6923f3

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, айланайын Кудайым, жана бардык жандардын Кудайы, менин Даңкым жана бардык жандардын Даңкы, мени Эңсөөм жана бардык жандардын Эңсөөсү, менин Күчүм жана бардык жандардын Күчү, менин Падышам жана бардык жандардын Падышасы, менин Ээм жана бардык жандардын Ээси, менин максатым жана бардык жандардын Максаты, менин Кыймылдатуучум жана бардык жандардын Кыймылдатуучусу, ылайым, Сенин ысмың даңктана берсин! Мени Сенин назик ак көңүлдүүлүгүңдүн океанынан алыста калбагыдай жана Сага карай жакындыктын жээгинен алыста кетпегидей болуу үчүн ага жол бербе,- деп Сага сыйынам.

О, айланайын Теңирим, Сенден бөлөк эч ким мага пайда алып келбейт, кимдир-бирөөлөргө карата жакындыкты, Сенден бөлөк, мага эч ким бербейт. Сенин байлыгыңдын молдугу менен, кимдин аркасында Сен Өзүңдөн тышкары бардык нерселерге көз каранды болболсоң, ошону менен: ким Сага карай өзүнүн бурган жана ким Сага кызмат кылууга аракеттенген болсо, мени ошолордун катарында сана,-деп Сага сыйынам.

О, кагылайын Теңирим, Өзүңдүн кулдарыңды кечир. Сен, акыйкатында, Түбөлүк Кечиримдүүсүң, Өтө жан тартуучусуң.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH09498 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God and the God of all Names, and the Maker of the heavens!  I entreat Thee by Thy Name through which He Who is the Dayspring of Thy might and the Dawning-Place of Thy power hath been manifested, through which every solid thing hath been made to flow, and every dead corpse hath been quickened, and every moving spirit confirmed—I entreat Thee to enable me to rid myself of all attachment to any one but Thee, and to serve Thy Cause, and to wish what Thou didst wish through the power of Thy sovereignty, and to perform what is the good pleasure of Thy will.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, moreover, O my God, to ordain for me what will make me rich enough to dispense with any one save Thee.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face turned towards Thee, and my hands clinging to the cord of Thy grace.  Send down upon me Thy mercy, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Bountiful.

  [2] AB00128FEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! These are Thy feeble servants; they are Thy loyal bondsmen and Thy handmaidens, who have bowed themselves down before Thine exalted Utterance and humbled themselves at Thy Threshold of light, and borne witness to Thy oneness through which the Sun hath been made to shine in midday splendor. They have listened to the summons Thou didst raise from out Thy hidden Realm, and with hearts quivering with love and rapture, they have responded to Thy call.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Mighty, the Exalted, the Powerful, He Who alone, in the heavens and on the earth, abideth unchanged. There is none other God save Thee, the Lord of manifest tokens and signs.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[679] Prayer UUID: b27feecd-d999-4fa6-9105-8cfd36de8079

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, айланайын Кудайым! О, жараткан Кудайым! Мен, Сага таңданып суктанган кызматчың, Сенин Бирдигиңдин дарбазасына карай моюн суна жакындайм жана Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүңдүн Падышачылыгы туурасында сыйынам.

О, Кудайым! Баш-отум менен менин Сеники болууңа жана Сен жөнүндө гана ойлоого, ошондой эле мен Сенин Ишиңдин урматына иштегидей болуу үчүн Сенден бөлөк бардык башка нерселерден баш тартып, Сага карай сүйүүнүн оту менен жалындап күйүүгө, Сенин акылмандыгыңды жайылтууга, Сенин окууңду жүрүүгө жана Сени таанып-билүүнүн кубанычы менен тең бөлүшүүгө уруксат эт.

О, Кудайым, мен-С.енин бийлигиңдин колдору менен жандырылган отмун; сыноолордун шамалынан ошол оттун өчүп калуусунан жол бербе. Сага карата менин сүйүүмдү жана, Сенин Бирдигиңдин жагымдуу шаан-шөкөту алдында менин таддануумду арбыт. Сенин бирдигиңдин Сынайында мендеги жылуулук берген отту жандыр жана Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүң менен жыргалыңа жараша мендеги жашырынган түбөлүктүү жашоону ойгот. Сен Коргоочусуң жана Сакчысың, Жан тартуучусуң жана Ак көңүлдүүсүң.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [2] BH00308DES (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord of the world and Desire of the nations, O Thou Who hast become manifest in the Greatest Name, whereby the pearls of wisdom and utterance have appeared from the shells of the great sea of Thy knowledge, and the heavens of divine revelation have been adorned with the light of the appearance of the sun of Thy countenance.
      Last:  I beg of Thee, O Thou King of existence and Protector of the seen and the unseen, to make whosoever arises to serve Thy Cause as a sea moving by Thy desire, as one ablaze with the fire of Thy Sacred Tree, shining from the horizon of the heaven of Thy will.  Verily, Thou art the mighty One, Whom neither the power of all the world nor the strength of nations can weaken.  There is no God but Thee, the One, the Incomparable, the Protector, the Self-Subsistent.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[680] Prayer UUID: b292a054-d34c-489b-ab15-61017f114725

FULL TEXT (ky):
Mix-xmajjar imfewħa ta’ dwiemeK agħtini nixrob, O Alla tiegħi, u mill-frott tas-siġra tal-essenza tiegħeK ħallini nduq, O Tama tiegħi! Min-nixxigħat ċari ta’ mħabbteK ħallini nixrob, O Glorja tiegħi, u taħt id-dell tal-Providenza dejjiema tiegħeK ħallini ngħammar, O Dawl tiegħi! Fix-xagħriet ta’ qarbieneK, quddiem il-preżenza tiegħeK, ħalli nkun nista’ nimraħ, O Maħbub tiegħi, u fil-lemin tat-tron tal-ħniena tiegħeK, poġġini, O Xewqa tiegħi! Mill fewġiet imfewħa ta’ ferħeK ħalli nifs jgħaddi fuqi, O Għan tiegħi, u fil-għoljiet tal-ġenna tar-realtà tiegħeK ħallini nidħol, O Imqejjem tiegħi! L-għanjiet tal-ħamiema ta’ waħdaneK ħallini nisma’, O Middi, u mill-ispirtu tal-qawwa tiegħeK u s-setgħa tiegħeK ħeġġigni, O Fornitur tiegħi! Fl-ispirtu ta’ mħabbteK  żommni sod, O Għajnuna tiegħi, u fit-triq tal-għoġba tajba tiegħeK saħħaħli passejja, O Ħallieq tiegħi! Fil-ġnien tal-immortalità tiegħeK, quddiem wiċċeK, ħallini ngħammar għal dejjem, O Int Li ħanin miegħi, u fuq il-maqgħad tal-glorja tiegħeK waqqafni sod, O Int Possessur tiegħi! Lejn is-sema ta’ mħabbteK ħanina għollini, O Ħaġġieġ tiegħi, u lejn Kewbet il-Jum tat-tmexxija tiegħeK mexxini, O Int li tiġbidni lejK! Qabel wirjiet l-ispirtu inviżibbli tiegħeK isejħuli ħalli nkun preżenti, O Int il-Bidu tiegħi u l-Ogħla Xewqa tiegħi, u lejn l-essenza ta’ fwieħet il-ġmiel tiegħeK, li Int għad turi, ħallini nerġa’ lura, O Int Alla tiegħi. 

Setgħani Int li tagħmel dak li jogħġboK. Inti, fis-sewwa, l-Aktar Għoli, il-Glorjuż f’Kollox, l-Ogħla fuq Kollox.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH08604 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Whose nearness is my wish, Whose presence is my hope, Whose remembrance is my desire, Whose court of glory is my goal, Whose abode is my aim, Whose name is my healing, Whose love is the radiance of my heart, Whose service is my highest aspiration!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou hast enabled them that have recognized Thee to soar to the sublimest heights of the knowledge of Thee and empowered such as devoutly worship Thee to ascend into the precincts of the court of Thy holy favors, to aid me to turn my face towards Thy face, to fix mine eyes upon Thee, and to speak of Thy glory.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the God of Power, the Help in Peril, the All-Glorious, the Almighty.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[682] Prayer UUID: b6b210d1-ecb8-4529-a86b-f522c811b10f

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, айланайын Кудайым, аман-эсен түкөчүңдөн ойгондум; ким ушул Сенин түнөгүңдүн тапсаң ал коргогон Сыйынуучу жайда. О, Теңир, Сенин аян берген тан кудуң делебимди байкашкан сыяктуу ачылышыңдын жаңкы жарыгы, жай дүйнөмдү жаркыраттын.

О, менин Кудайым, Сага алкоо айтамын, анткени менин уйкумдан Сен мени ойготтуң, ошондой эле менин жоголуп кетүүмдөн кийин мени кайрадан тургуздуң, анан да, менин үргүлөөмдөн мени тугуздуң. Ушул таңда ойгонуп, Сенин белгилериңди таанып, Сенин Китебиңе ишенип, Сенин Учугуңду бекем кармап, Сенин күчтөрүңдүн жана Сенин Ачылышыңдын Күндүзгү Жылдызынын жаркырашын карай мен өзүмдүн жүзүмдү бурдум. Сенин эркиңдин күч-кубаты жана Сенин ойлогон оюңдун бардыгын багындыруучу бийлиги менен: менин түшүмдө мага Сен эмнени көрсөткөң, ошондон Сага карай сүйүүнүн мекендеген сүйүүнү, ошондой эле Сенин жыргалыңдын жана назик камкордугуңдун белгилерин көрсөтүү үчүн өтө мыкты куралды жарат.

О, кагылайын Теңирим, Сенин өтө көкөлөтүлгөн Калемиң менен ушул дүйнөнүн жана келечектеги дүйнөнүн жыргалчылыгын мага буюр. Бардык нерселердин тизгинин Сен Өзүңдүн колуңда кармап тургандыгыңа күбө өтөмүн. Сен аларды, Сен каалагандай алмаштырасың. Күчтүү, Ишенимдүү Сенден бөлөк Кудай жок.

Ким Өзүнүн буйругу боюнча кемсинүүнү даңка, ошондой эле алсыздыкты-күчкө, каруусузду – күч-кубатка, коркунучту – бейпилчиликке, шек саноону-аныктыкка айландырса, Ошонун өзү Сен. Күч-кубаттуу, Жакшылык кылуучу, Сенден бөлөк Кудай жок.

Сени ким издесе, Сен эч кимдин көңүлүн калтырбайсың, Сага карай ким умтулса, Өзүңдөн эч кимди түртө салбайсың. Сенин жоомарттыгыңдын асманына жана Сенин белектериңдин океанына эмне ылайык келсе, ошону мен үчүн жаз. Сен, акыйкатында, Бардыгынан күч-кубаттуусуң, Өтө күчтүүсүң.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00554 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord, my Best Beloved!  Make me steadfast in Thy Cause, and grant that I may be reckoned among those who have not violated Thy Covenant nor followed the gods of their own idle fancy.
      Last:  Grant, O my God, that I may not be reckoned among those whose ears are deaf, whose eyes are blind, whose tongues are speechless and whose hearts have failed to comprehend.  Deliver me, O Lord, from the fire of ignorance and of selfish desire, suffer me to be admitted into the precincts of Thy transcendent mercy and send down upon me that which Thou hast ordained for Thy chosen ones.  Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[684] Prayer UUID: bb0de343782e

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[686] Prayer UUID: c3655d0a-f936-4fc9-8528-210a7cbb2078

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, Сен жакшылыктуу, Теңир! Кимде –ким жоомарт жана ак көңүл болсо, Ошол' .Биз-Сенин Кудайлык бирдигиңдин сактап калуучу көлөкөсү алдында чогулушкан, Сенин босогоңдун кызматчылары. Сенин ак көдүлдүүлүгүңдүн күнү бардыгынын үстүндө жаркырайт, ошондой эле Сенин ырайыңдын булуту бардыгына төгүлөт. Сенин белектериң бардыгын кучагына алат, Сенин сүйүктүү кудуретиң бардыгын колдойт, Сенин колдоочулугуң бардыгын шыктандырат, ошондой эле Сенин жакшылыкты тилөөчүлүгүңдүн кареги бардыгына кайрылат. О, Теңир! Өзүңдүн сансыз белектериңди төмөнгө жөнөт, ошондой эле, ылайым, Сенин жетекчилигиңдин жарыгы жаркырасын. Каректерди жарык кыл жана жүрөктөрдү өтүп кетпес бакыт менен шаттыкка бөлө. Бардык адамдарга жаңы рухту жана аларга түбөлүк жашоону белек кыл. Акыйкат түшүнүктүн дарбазасын ач, ошондой эле, ылайым, ишенимдин жарыгы анын бүтүндөй улуу жаратылышында жаркырай берсин. Сенин ырайыңдын көлөкөсү алдында бардыгын чогулт жана алар бир күндүн нурларына, бир океандын толкундарына жана бир дарактын жемиштерине окшошсун үчүн ынтымакта биригүүгө аларды ылайык кер.Алар бир булактан ичишкендей болушсун. Алар бирдиктүү желаргыдан сергигидей болсун. Жарыктын бирдиктүү булаг ы аларга билим бергидей болсун.Сен сыйкорсуң, Ырайымдуусуң, Ба:рдыгынан күч-кубаттуусуң.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] AB00963IMP (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart and streaming tears to aid whosoever expendeth his energy for the erection of this House, and the construction of this Building wherein Thy name is mentioned every morn and every eve.
      Last:  O God!  Send down Thy divine increase on whosoever endeavoreth to serve this edifice and exerteth himself to raise it amongst the kindreds and religions of the world.  Confirm him in every good deed in promoting the welfare of mankind.  Open Thou the doors of wealth and abundance unto him and make him an heir to the treasures of the Kingdom, which perish not.  Make him a sign of Thy bestowals among the peoples and reinforce him by the sea of Thy generosity and bounty, surging with waves of Thy grace and favor.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful and the Bountiful.

  [2] BB00543VIC (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Render victorious Thy forbearing servants in Thy days by granting them a befitting victory, inasmuch as they have sought martyrdom in Thy path.  Send down upon them that which will bring comfort to their minds, will rejoice their inner beings, will impart assurance to their hearts and tranquillity to their bodies and will enable their souls to ascend to the presence of God, the Most Exalted, and to attain the supreme Paradise and such retreats of glory as Thou hast destined for men of true knowledge and virtue.  Verily, Thou knowest all things, while we are but Thy servants, Thy thralls, Thy bondsmen and Thy poor ones.  No Lord but Thee do we invoke, O God our Lord, nor do we implore blessings or grace from anyone but Thee, O Thou Who art the God of mercy unto this world and the next.  We are but the embodiments of poverty, of nothingness, of helplessness and of perdition, while Thy whole Being betokeneth wealth, independence, glory, majesty and boundless grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art our Lord and the Lord of all things.  Into Thy hands do we surrender ourselves, yearning for the things that pertain unto Thee.

  [3] AB02000DIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord! In this Most Great Dispensation Thou dost accept the intercession of children in behalf of their parents.  This is one of the special infinite bestowals of this Dispensation.  Therefore, O Thou kind Lord, accept the request of this Thy servant at the threshold of Thy singleness and submerge his father in the ocean of Thy grace, because this son hath arisen to render Thee service and is exerting effort at all times in the pathway of Thy love.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, the Forgiver and the Kind!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[688] Prayer UUID: cbb06c78-34e1-4ecf-b8e5-658196462dff

FULL TEXT (ky):
Me sa vakalevulevui na Yacamuni, O i Kemuni na Turaga na noqu Kalou! Sa i Kemuni o Koya ka ra sa masuta na veika kece ga, ka O ni sa sega ni masuta e dua, O ni sa nodra Turaga na veika kece ga, ka O ni sa sega ni vakararavi vua e dua, o Koya sa kila na veika kece ga ka sega e dua sa kilai Koya. Sa Nomuni gagadre Mo ni kilai vei ira na tamata; sa i koya gona, O ni sa vakayacora kina, e na duabulu ga na vosa mai na Gusumuni, ka sa yaco kina me bula na tamata ka vakaiukuukutaki kina na vuravura. Sa sega tale ni dua na Kalou sa i Kemuni ga, na Daunilewa, na Dauniveibuli,na Cecekia, na kaukauwa Duabau.

Au masuti Kemuni, mai na vosa vata ga oqo o koya sa vakaraitaki mai e na dela ni rarama ni Nomuni lewa, me rawa kina vei au me u gunu vakayauyau e na wai bula o koya O ni sa dau vakamakaretaka kina na utodra o ira na Nomuni digitaki ka soli bula vakatotolo kina e na yalodra o ira era sa lomani Kemuni, me rawa kina vei au, e na veigauna kece kei na kena veivakasama kece, me u sa bau vagolea vakatabakidua na mataqu vei Kemuni.

Sa i Kemuni ga na Kalou ni qaqa, ni lagilagi kei na sautu. Sa sega tale ni dua na Kalou e tiko veitikivi kei Kemuni,na i Liuliu Cecekia Duadua, na Vu ni Lagilagi, na kaukauwa Duadua ga.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [2] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [3] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

  [4] BH09874 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! Every man of insight confesseth Thy sovereignty and Thy dominion, and every discerning eye perceiveth the greatness of Thy majesty and the compelling power of Thy might. The winds of tests are powerless to hold back them that enjoy near access to Thee from setting their faces towards the horizon of Thy glory, and the tempests of trials must fail to draw away and hinder such as are wholly devoted to Thy will from approaching Thy court.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my God, by them and by the sighs which their hearts utter in their separation from Thee, to keep them safe from the mischief of Thine adversaries, and to nourish their souls with what Thou hast ordained for Thy loved ones on whom shall come no fear and who shall not be put to grief.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[689] Prayer UUID: d025d2fcec89

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (13 options):

  [1] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [2] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [3] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [4] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [5] BB00147ORD (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Ordain for me, O my Lord, and for those who believe in Thee that which is deemed best for us in Thine estimation, as set forth in the Mother Book, for within the grasp of Thy hand Thou holdest the determined measures of all things.
      Last:  There is no power nor strength except in God, the Most Exalted, the Most Mighty.

  [6] BH09498 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God and the God of all Names, and the Maker of the heavens!  I entreat Thee by Thy Name through which He Who is the Dayspring of Thy might and the Dawning-Place of Thy power hath been manifested, through which every solid thing hath been made to flow, and every dead corpse hath been quickened, and every moving spirit confirmed—I entreat Thee to enable me to rid myself of all attachment to any one but Thee, and to serve Thy Cause, and to wish what Thou didst wish through the power of Thy sovereignty, and to perform what is the good pleasure of Thy will.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, moreover, O my God, to ordain for me what will make me rich enough to dispense with any one save Thee.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face turned towards Thee, and my hands clinging to the cord of Thy grace.  Send down upon me Thy mercy, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Bountiful.

  [7] BB00002MEN (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O God.  How can I make mention of Thee while Thou art sanctified from the praise of all mankind.  Magnified be Thy Name, O God, Thou art the King, the Eternal Truth; Thou knowest what is in the heavens and on the earth, and unto Thee must all return.  Thou hast sent down Thy divinely ordained Revelation according to a clear measure.  Praised art Thou, O Lord!  At Thy behest Thou dost render victorious whomsoever Thou willest, through the hosts of heaven and earth and whatsoever existeth between them.  Thou art the Sovereign, the Eternal Truth, the Lord of invincible might.
      Last:  Glorified art Thou, O Lord!  Thou forgivest at all times the sins of such among Thy servants as implore Thy pardon.  Wash away my sins and the sins of those who seek Thy forgiveness at dawn, who pray to Thee in the daytime and in the night season, who yearn after naught save God, who offer up whatsoever God hath graciously bestowed upon them, who celebrate Thy praise at morn and eventide, and who are not remiss in their duties.

  [8] BH11278RIV (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Make manifest the rivers of Thy sovereign might, that the waters of Thy Unity may flow through the inmost realities of all things, in such wise that the banner of Thine unfailing guidance may be raised aloft in the kingdom of Thy command and the stars of Thy divine splendor may shine brightly in the heaven of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou, verily, art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [9] AB05652WIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 56:62.

  [10] BH00868WIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: My God, Whom I worship and adore!  I bear witness unto Thy unity and Thy oneness, and acknowledge Thy gifts, both in the past and in the present.  Thou art the All-Bountiful, the overflowing showers of Whose mercy have rained down upon high and low alike, and the splendors of Whose grace have been shed over both the obedient and the rebellious.
      Last:  All are but poor and needy, and Thou, verily, art the All-Possessing, the All-Subduing, the All-Powerful.

  [11] BH07426DRE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou, at Whose dreadful majesty all things have trembled, in Whose grasp are the affairs of all men, towards Whose grace and mercy are set the faces of all Thy creatures!  I entreat Thee, by Thy Name which Thou hast ordained to be the spirit of all names that are in the kingdom of names, to shield us from the whisperings of those who have turned away from Thee, and have repudiated the truth of Thy most august and most exalted Self, in this Revelation that hath caused the kingdom of Thy names to tremble.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the God of power, of strength and glory.

  [12] AB00128FEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! These are Thy feeble servants; they are Thy loyal bondsmen and Thy handmaidens, who have bowed themselves down before Thine exalted Utterance and humbled themselves at Thy Threshold of light, and borne witness to Thy oneness through which the Sun hath been made to shine in midday splendor. They have listened to the summons Thou didst raise from out Thy hidden Realm, and with hearts quivering with love and rapture, they have responded to Thy call.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Mighty, the Exalted, the Powerful, He Who alone, in the heavens and on the earth, abideth unchanged. There is none other God save Thee, the Lord of manifest tokens and signs.

  [13] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[690] Prayer UUID: d06a0255-3487-42a2-970a-4d14470d8221

FULL TEXT (ky):
O i Kemuni na Turaga, na noqu Kalou ka noqu i Vakavakacegu e na noqu lomabibi! O ni sa noqu i Sasabai ka noqu i Vakavakaruru e na gauna ni leqa ka noqu i Tokani Lomani e na noqu galili! O ni sa noqu i Vakavakacegu e na noqu rarawa, ka noqu i Tokani e na noqu tiko duadua voli! O ni sa dau veivakacegui ka kauta tani na noqu leqa kece ga ka Dauvosota na noqu i valavala ca.

Au sa vakararavi vakatabakidua yani vei Kemuni, ka vakamasuti Kemuni e na utoqu kece ka vaka kina na noqu vakanananu vata kei na yamequ, me taqomaki au mai kina e na veika kece e veisaqasaqa kei na Nomuni lewa, e na tabagauna ni Nomuni veivakaduavatataki vakayalo oqo, ka Mo ni savai au mada e na veika dukadukali kece ka na vakadredretaka na noqu vakasaqara, yani, e na yalosavasava duadua ka serau, na rurugu ni vunikau ni Nomuni loloma.

Ni veivosoti mada, O i Kemuni, na Turaga, vei ira era sa malumalumu, ka vakabulai ira na tauvimate, ka vagunuvi ira tale ga na karamaca.

Ni vakamarautaka na lomadra ka dau caudre kina na Nomuni loloma ka vakaramasetaka e na i Serau ni Nomuni loloma vakalomalagi ka vaKalou tale ga.

Ni ubia mada na veivale ni Nomuni veivakaduavatataki vakayalo e na Nomuni i tutu tabu ka tokara ki uluqu na i sala ni Nomuni veitokoni.

Ni vakararamataka na mataqu e na i serau ni Nomuni cina ni veisaututaki ka vukei au me u veiqaravi e na Nomuni mata ni katuba tabu.

Ni vakavuabaletaka na utoqu e na loloma vei ira na Nomuni tamata ka qisi au me u vakatakilakila ni Nomuni loloma, me u vakaraitaki ni Nomuni dauveivukei, me u vakacerecerea na tiko veilomani e na kedra maliwa na Nomuni daulomani, me u gugumatua e na Vukumuni, ka u kaburaka tiko ga na Kemuni i vakananumi ka guilecava na noqu gagadre ia me u vakananuma vakatabakidua ga na Lomamuni.

O i Kemuni na Kalou,na noqu Kalou! Ni kakua ni tosoi au tani mai na cagi mudre ni Nomuni veivosoti kei na yalololoma, ka kakua ni tawasei au tani mai e na waivure ni Nomuni veinanumi kei na veivukei.

Ni laivi au me u vakacegu e na ruku ni Tabamuni dauveitaqomaki ka Mo ni wanonovi au sobu tale ga mai e na Matamuni sa vu ni dauveitaqomaki.

Ni vakayavalata na yamequ me u vakacaucautaka na Yacamuni e na kedra maliwa na Nomuni tamata, ka me rogo na domoqu e na veisoqo levu ka me taladrodro mai e gusuqu na uasivi ni Nomuni veivakacaucautaki.

Sa i Kemuni, e na dina taucoko, sa Dauloloma, na Lagilagi, na iGu Cecekia, na kaukauwa Duadua ga.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [2] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [3] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [4] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[693] Prayer UUID: d701fbf7-e8e1-43b0-99d2-89c5cd29b620

FULL TEXT (ky):
Ээзелтеден берки түбөлүктүү, Эң улуу, Кудайдын ысмынын урматына. Акыйкатында, өтө таза жүрөктөр бөлүүнүн отунда күйүп азап чегишет: Дүйнөлөрдү ашык кылган, Сенин жаркыраган Ажарыңдын жарк этиши кайда?

Сага эмне жакын болсо, жалаң гана ошолор, таптакыр үмүт үзүү, айласы түгөнүү караңгылыгында калышты.

Дүйнөлөр Эңсеген, Сени менен кайрадан биригүүгүн жаркыраган таңы деги кайда?

Алыскы чөлдө Сенин тандалмаларыңдын денелери калтырайт.

Дүйнөлөрдү Кумарланткан, Сенин жакындыгыңдын деңизи кайда?

Жалынып – жалбарган колдор Сенин жоомарттыгыңдын жана ырайымдуулугуңдун асманына карай сунулду.

О, дүйнөлөрдүн сыйынууларына Жооп берүүчү, Сенин белектериңдин жамгыры деги кайда?

Динсиздир бардык жерде эзүүсүн орнотушту.

Бардык дүйнөлөрдү Ооздуктоочу, Сенин Калемиңдин буйругунун багынтуучу күчү кайда?

Ар тараптан иттин күркүрөп үргөнү угулат.

Дүйнөлөрдү жазалоочу, Сенин бардык күч-кубаттуулугуңдун тобундагы арстан кайда?

Бүткүл адамдардын тукумун кайдыгерлик кишендеп койду.

О, бардык дүйнөлөрдүн жалыны, Сенин сүйүүңдүн жылуулугу деги кайда?

Бакытсыздык башка чалма салды.

О, дүйнөлөрдүн Коргоочусу, Сенин колдооңдун белгилери кайда?

Караңгылык адамдардын көпчүлүгүн жалмап салды.

Дүйнөлөрдүн жаркыргагы, Сенин эң сонундугуңдун жылтырагы кайда?

Адамдардын моюндары каарданып создугат.

Бардык дүйнөлөрдү кыйратуучу, Сенин жазалоочу деги кылычың кайда?

Басындыруу эң туңгуюгуна чейин жетти.

О, Бардык дүйнөлөрдүн Данкы, Сенин даңкыңдын көрүнүштөрү кайда?

Ким тарабанан Сенин “Бардыгынын ырайымдуу” ысмың келген болсо, Ошол азаптын чеңгелинде калды.

О, дүйнөлөрдүн ырахаты, Сенин Ачылышыңдын таң алдында жарыгынан келген кубаныч кайда?

Сенин шаттыгыңдын түркүгү кайда?

Сенин белгилериңдин бузуку азгырыктардын чыгышы мажбурлап жаткандыгын Сен көрүп турасың.

О, дүнөлөрдүн Күч-кубаты, Сенин бардык күчүңдүн манжалары деги кайда?

Адамдарды азаптуу чаңкоо алсыратууда.

О, бардык дүйнөлөрдүн Ак көңүлү, Сенин жоомарттыгыңдын суулары кайда?

Бүткүл адамдардын тукумун ач көздүк кулдукка алды.

Дүйнөлөрдүн Теңири, аша кечүүчүлүктүн жүзөгө ашуусу кайда?

Кара: ушул Куугунтук жеген сүргүндө алсыроодо.

О, дүйнөлөрдүн Өкүмдары, Сенин Буйруктарыңдын асмандагы кошуундары кайда?

Мен бөлөк өлкөдө калдым.

Бардык дүйнөлөрдүн Таянычы, Сенин ишенимиңдин белгилери кайда?

Өлүм алдындагы азап бардык адамдарды санаа тарттып жатат.

О, дүйнөлөрдүн жашоосу, Түбөлүктүү жашоонун океанындагы Сенин толкундарың кайда?

Шайтандын күбүр-шыбыры бардык жандууну жандантып жатат.

О, дүйнөлөрдүн Жарыгы, күйчүү жылдыздагы Сенин отуң кайда?

Кумар мастыгы бүткүл адамдардын тукумун дээрлик бузду.

Дүйнөлөрдүн Эңсөөсү, Тазалыктын эрте мененки шоокуму кайда?

Кара: ушул Куугунтук жеген сириялыктардын арасында тирандыктын Жамчысына орорулду.

О, дүйнөлөрдүн Жарыгы, Сенин таңкы нурларың кайда?

Кара: Мага сүйлөөгө тыюу салынууда.

О, дүйнөлөрдүн Булбулу, Сенин ырларың деги кайсы жактан жаңырууда?

Бүткүл адамдардын тукуму дээрлик курулай жана таң калычтуу эңсөөлөргө булганышты.

Дүйнөлөрдүн Ишеними, Сенин ишенимдериңдин ишке ашуусу кайда?

Баханы, кайгынын айлампасына чөгөрүп жатат.

Бардык дүйнөлөрдүн Сактап калчуусу, Сенин сактап калчуучу Кемең кайда?

Кара: Сенин сөзмөрдүгүңдүн таңы дүйнө имаратынын караңгылыгы менен чулганды.

Дүйнөлөр үчүн жарык Тартуулоочу, Сенин ак көңүлдүүлүгүңдүн күнү кайда?

Акыйкаттын жана тазалыктын, үмүттүн жана сыйдын чырактары өчүрүлдү.

О, Дүйнөлөрдү Кыймылдатуучу, Сенин жазалоочу каарыңдын жышаандары кайда?

Кимдир-бирөөлөрдүн кимиси Сенин тарабыңда салгылашар эле же Сенин сүйүңдүн майданында Анын башына эмне түштү. Сен көрүп турасыңбы?

Дүйнөлөрдүн Сүйгөнү, Менин калемимдин сыясы ушул жерден какшып калды.

Тагдырдын долу бороону Кудайлык Лотос Дарагынын бутактарын сындырды.

Бардык дүйнөлөрдүн Жоокерлери, Сенин жардамыңдын туулары деги кайда?

Ушул ажар ушактын чаңы алдында калды.

О, бардык дүйнөлөрдүн Ак көңүлү, Сенин жан тартууңдун желаргысы кайда?

Такыбалыктын кийимдери жанганчылар тарабынан булганды.

О, дүйнөлөрдү Саймалоочу, Сенин касиеттүүлүгүңдүн кийимдери кайда?

Адамдар тарабынан жасалган жорук-жосундан жыргалдын деңизи селдейе түштү.

Дүйнөлөрдүн Эңсөөсү, Сенин жоомарттыгыңдын толкундары кайда?

Кудайдын катышып отуруусуна карай Эшик Сенин душмандарыңдын тиранчылыгынан улам жабылды.

О, дүйнөлөрдүн Ачуучусу, Сенин белектериңдин ачкычы деги кайда?

Ууланткан шамалдардан улам жалбырактар саргаюуда.

О, дүйнөлөрдүн Сыйкору, Сенин жоомарттыгыңдын булуттарынын төгүлүшү кайда?

Аалам күнөөнүн чаңдарынан өчүңкү тартты.

О, дүйнөлөрдүн Кечирүүчүсү, Сенин кечиримиңдин желаргысы кайда?

Ушул Улан чөлдүү өлкөдө ушинтип жалгыз калды.

О, дүйнөлөрдүн Бөлүштүрүүчүсү, Сенин көктөгү жыргалыңдын жамгыры кайда?

Жогорку Калем! Биз Сенин көктөгү тургундарыңа болгон ширин чакырыңды уктук. Өзүңдүн кулагыңды Улуулуктун Тили эмнелер туурасында баяндаса, ошолорго, бардык дүйнөдөгү Куугунтукталгандарга карай Төшө.

О, бардык дүйнөлөрдү Түшүндүрүп берүүчү, Ушул ичиркентип жаткан муздак болбосо, анда Сенин сөздөрүңдүн кызуусу жеңишти даңазалар беле?

О, дүйнөлөрдүн Жарыгы, Ушул бактысыздык болбосо, Сенин чыдамыңдын күнү кандайча жаркырар эле?

Намысы жоктордон улам күйүт тартпа:

Дүйнөлөрдүн Сабыры, Сен туруктуулукту көрсөтүү жана жинди кагуу үчүн жаралгансың.

Дүйнөлөрдүн Сүйүүсү, Чатак чыгаруучулардын жана Кудайга карай кумарлуу умтулгандардын үстүнөн болгон Осуяттын көз чөйчөгүнө Сенин чыгышың – о ,кандай асыл!

Дүйнөлөрдүн чоң кубанычы, Сенден улам эркиндиктин туусу эң бийик чокуларда желбиреди жана деңиз менен Ынтымакташуунун жери саймаланды.

Бардык дөйнүлүрдүн Куугунтукталуучусу, чыдам бол.

О, бардык дуйнөлөрдүн Сыймыгы, Биз басынууну данктын жана кырсыктын кийими менен Сенин храмыңдысаймасы кылып койдук.

Сен: жүрөктөрдүн көрө албастыкка толгондугун көрүп турасың.

Дүйнөдөгүкүнөлөрдү Жашыруучу, аны Сен болгондон, Ким кечирет?

О, Дүйнөлөрдүн Курман чалуучусу, Кылыч жарк этсе, алга жөнө! Жебе ышкырса, душманды кыс!

Сабагы же Магабы, арыз-муң кимге ылайык?

О, Дүйнөлөрдү Орундаштыруучу, Эми Бах, тын ажары сыноолордун ысыгынан жана Сенин күйүп жаткан сөздөрүңдүн жалынынын ысыгы менен алоолонот, ошондой эле ал курман чалуу жеринде көтөрүлүш чыгарып, ишенимдин туткунунда, Сагажакканды гана издейт.

О, А Али-Акбар, сен эмненден улам Менин жооштугумдун жыпар жытын жаттаган жана дүйнө жүзүңдөгүлөр. Кимдин алдында жүгүнүшүп. Кудай жолунда.

Бизге эмне туш келсе, ошого жеткен касиеттүү жазуу (скрижаль) үчүн Теңирге ыраазылыгыңды ушунчалык көкөлөт да.

Бардык кызматчылар ушуну окушкан жана таразалашкан соң, алардын кан тамырларында дүйнө жүзүңдөөчүлөрдү кантип алуугажарамдуу жалып тутанат.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00094WEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let whosoever travels to different parts to teach, peruse over mountain, desert, land and sea this supplication.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Most Merciful of the merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[695] Prayer UUID: da156c01-2705-472c-848a-e0d396314a39

FULL TEXT (ky):
/*елме Канададагы бахаилер учун ачылган/

*Кудайдын жыпар ЖЫТЫН таркатуучулар ар күнү эртең менен ушул сыйынууну айтууга тийиш./

О,Кудай,айланайын Кудайым!Ушул куч-кубаты жок көктөгү күчтөрдү кан-дайча сурап жатат,ушул бечера Сенин бейштеги казыналарың туурасында кантип сыйынып жатат,ушул чаңкаган түбөлүк жашоонун башаты туурасында кандайча эңсейт ушул сыркоо Сенин Жогорку Падышачылыгыңда Сенин тандалган кулдарыңаСен кимди багыштасаң, Сенин чексиз ак көдүлдүүлүгүң аркылуу убада кылынган айыгууну кантип тилеп жатат Сен көруп турасың.

0,Теңир! Сенден бөлөк, башка жар дамчы, Сенден тышкары, башка жашырынар жай,ошондой эле Сени эсепке албаганда башка, таяныч менде жок. Сенин касиеттүү жыпар жытыңды жеткирүүгө жана Сенин элиңдин ичиндеги тандагандардын арасына Сенин окууңду таркатууга Сенин периштелериңдин кошууну менен мага жар дам бер.

О, кагылайын Теңирим! Сенден бөлөк бардык нерселерден аша көчүүгө, Сенин жоомарттыгыңдын кийиминин этегинен бекем кармоого, Сенин диниңе баш-отум менен берилген болууга,Сага карай сүйүүдө катуу жана бекем бойдон калууга жана Сенин Китебиңде Сен эмнени буйрусаң ошолорду сактоого мени ылайык көр.

Акыйкатында, Сен башкаруучусуң , Күчтүүсүң, Бардыгынан зорсуң.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[698] Prayer UUID: e0084666-f7e4-4e44-938f-3cdd1c752b46

FULL TEXT (ky):
О, кагылайын Теңирим, Сен түбөлүктөн бери болгонсуң эле кылымдар бою Жападан жалгыз акыйкат Кудай болуп, ал эми ошондо Сенден бөлөктүн бардыгы жакыр жана байкуш болуп кала беришет. О, айланайын Кудайым, Сенин Жол көрсөткүч Учугуңан бекем кармап, адамдар дүйнөсүнөн мен баш тарттым, өзүмдүн жүзүмдү Сенин назик ак көңүлдүүлүгүңдүн тургундарына карай бурдум жана бүтүндөй бардык жаратылгандардан бурулуп кеттим. О, айланайын Кудайым, Сенин жакшылык тилөөчүлүгүң жана жоомарттыгың менен, Сенин даңкың жана улуулугуң менен, Сенин бийлигиң жана эң сонун жаратылышың менен, мени ак көңүлүң менен шыктандыр, анткени Сенден тышкары ким бардыгынан күч-кубаттуу жана шыктандыр, анткени Сенден тышкары ким бардыгынан күч-кубаттүү жана билбегени жок башка кимдер-бирөөнү мен көрсөтө албайм. О, кагылайын Кудайым, Сенин бардыгын өз ичине алган жана Бардыгын бөлүштүрүүчү даңкыңдын күч-кубаты менен, ошондой эле көкөтөгү жана жердеги күчтөр менен мени корго, анткени мен Сага ишенгендегидейден бөлөк, мага эч кимден сооронуу жок.

Кагылайын Теңирим, Кудайдын өзү Сен, менин жокчулугум Сага белгилүү, Менин дөөлөт-байлыгымды көрүп турасың жана Сенин буйругуңа ылайык менин үлүшүмө эмне туура келсендигин, ошондой эле Сенин жол берүүө боюнча жана Сенин жоомарттыгыңдын жана ырайыңдын белгиси катары мен жердеги кандай азаптарды баштан өткөрүүгң туура келгендигимди билесиң.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[701] Prayer UUID: f412aea7-233d-4f94-b950-f4fe26ffeb0b

FULL TEXT (ky):
Mo ni sa vakalagilagi ga O i Kemuni Turaga na noqu Kalou! Au masuti Kemuni e na vuku ni Vakatakilakila ka vukica na butobuto me rarama, o koya e vakavuna me tara kina na Vale ni Soro Dau sikovi, ka vakavotukanataki kina na Masu Vakarautaki, ka cereki mai kina na iVola Vivigi, me sovaraki mai vei au, kei ira era tu vakavolivoliti au me rawa kina ni keimami torovi Kemuni yani e na Nomuni itikotiku tabu mai lomalagi, me savati keimami mai kina e na neimami dau vakatitiqa me vaka e dau vakataotaki ira na so e na nodra curuma yani na Valelaca Tabu ni Nomuni duavata.

O au e dua, O i Kemuni na noqu Kalou, ka tatakube matua tu e na Nomuni luloma, ka u kubeta koto na bele ni Nomuni loloma kei na veinanumi. Ni bulia vei au kei ira na noqu i tokani lomani na veika vinaka ni vuravura oqo kei na vuravura sa bera mai. Ni sobuti ira e na Nomuni Loloma Vuni O ni dau solia vei ira ka O ni dau digitaka e na kedra maliwa na Nomuni ibulibuli.

Oqori, I noqu Turaga, na veisiga O ni sa vakarota vei ira na Nomuni dauveiqaravi me ra qarava kina na lolo. E sa kalougata o koya e qarava vakavinaka na lolo e na Vukumuni, kei na nona vagalalataki koya mai e na veika kece sara ka vakavo ga O i Kemuni. Ni vukei au ka vukei ira tale ga, I noqu Turaga, me keimami vakarorogo vei Kemuni ka maroroya na Nomuni veivakaro. O i Kemuni, e dina sara, sa kaukauwa me vakayacora na ka O ni digitaka.

Sa sega tale ni dua na Kalou sa i Kemuni ga, na Vu ni Kilaka, na Vu ni Vuku. Mo ni vakalagilagi na Kalou, na Turaga ni vei vuravura kece ga.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [2] BB00147ORD (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Ordain for me, O my Lord, and for those who believe in Thee that which is deemed best for us in Thine estimation, as set forth in the Mother Book, for within the grasp of Thy hand Thou holdest the determined measures of all things.
      Last:  There is no power nor strength except in God, the Most Exalted, the Most Mighty.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[702] Prayer UUID: f683aadc-04cb-434b-bafd-a23ee36c6a8c
Name: Long Obligatory Prayer

FULL TEXT (ky):
# NA MASU VAKAROTI BALAVU
## Long Obligatory Prayer
* ME CAVUQAQATAKI VAKADUA GA E NA LOMA NI 24 NA AUA


* O koya e gadreva me cavuta na musu oqo, me tucake ka vakanamata vua na Kalou, ia, ni sa tucake rawa tu e na nona i tutu, me qai rai ki na i matau ka rai ki na i mawi, me vaka e waraka tiko na loloma ni nona Turaga, na Dauveivosoti Duadua, na Yalololoma. Me qai kaya:

O i Kemuni na Turaga ni veiyaca kece ga ka O ni a bulia na lomalagi! Au masuti Kemuni e na vukudra na Tovure ni Siga ni Utomuni Bula sa sega ni laurai rawa, o Koya sa vakacerecerei Duadua, na Vu ni Lagilagi, me cakacaka e na noqu masu me sa vaka na bukawaqa o koya me qai vakama laivi na i lati ka sogoti au tani tu e na wasawasa ni veivolekati kei Kemuni.

* Me sa qai laveta ruarua na ligana ka vakamamasu vua na Kalou — me vakalougatataki ka vakacerecerei o Koya — ka kaya:

O i Kemuni na nodra Gagadre na lewe i vuravura kei na nodra Daulomani na veimatanitu. O ni sa raici au ni u sa vakanamata tiko yani vei Kemuni, au sa vagalalataki au mai na veika taucoko ka vakavo ga O i Kemuni, ka u sa taura matua tiko ga na Nomuni vakasala, ka dau vakavuna me vakayavalata na veika buli kece ga. O i au na Nomuni tamata, O i Kemuni na Turaga, ka luve ni Nomuni tamata. Mo ni raica ni u sa tu vakarau me u vakayacora na Lomamuni kei na Nomuni gagadre, ka sega ni gadreva tale e dua na ka ia na Nomuni marau ga. Au sa masuti Kemuni e na wasawasa ni Nomuni loloma kei na iVola Siga ni Nomuni yalololoma Mo ni sa vakatulewa vei koya na Nomuni tamata me vaka sa Lomamuni ka Nomuni lewa, E na Nomuni kaukauwa sa uasivita na veika kece ga e cavuti rawa kei na veivakacaucautaki! Na veika kece ga sa vakavotui mai vei Kemuni sa i koya na gagadre ni utoqu ka dau vakamareqeti ki na yaloqu. O i Kemuni na Kalou, na noqu Kalou! Mo ni kakua ni okata na noqu vakanananu vakatamata kei na veika au vakayacora, ia Mo ni raica ga na Nomuni ivakaro o koya sa robota tu na lomalagi kei na vuravura. E na Yacamuni Levu Duadua, O i Kemuni na Turaga ni veimatanitu kece ga! Au sa gadreva wale ga na veika O ni sa gadreva, ka lomana na veika O ni sa lomana.

* Me sa qai tekiduru, cuva, ka kaya:

O ni sa Cecere sara O i Kemuni ka sa sega tale ni dua e uasivi cake na kena i vakamacala mai vei Kemuni, kei na cecere ni kilaka e sega tale ni sivia e dua O i Kemuni ga.

* Me sa qai tucake ka kaya:

Mo ni sa vakarautaka na noqu masu, O i Kemuni na noqu Turaga, me sa i vurevure ni wai ni bula o koya me u bula kina me vaka ga na kena bula tu na Nomuni i tutu ni veiliutaki vakaturaga, ka me rawa ni u tukuni Kemuni e na veivanua e na Nomuni vuravura.

* Me sa qai laveta tale na ligana e na vakamamasu, ka kaya:

O i Kemuni o Koya ka sa vu ni waicala ni uto kei na yalo e na nodra tawase tani mai Vua, kei na katakata ni Nona loloma e sa caudre kina na vuravura! Au sa masuti Kemuni e na Yaca e sa vakamalumalumutaka na veika buli kece ga, me kakua ni bureitaki vei au na ka sa tu vei Kemuni, O i Kemuni sa daulewa na tamata kece ga! O ni sa raica O i Kemuni na noqu Turaga, na tamata vulagi oqo ka vakusakusa tiko yani ki na nona i tikotiko cecere sara e na ubi ni Nomuni itutu vakaturaga e na lomanibai ni Nomuni loloma; na tamata i valavalaca oqo sa vakasaqara tiko na wasawasa ni Nomuni veivosoti, kei na tamata lolovira oqo e sa vakasaqara tiko na buturara ni Nomuni lagilagi; na tamata dravudravua oqo e sa vakasaqara tiko na Nomuni vutuniyau. Sa Nomuni ga na kaukauwa Mo ni vakatauca na veika O ni sa lewa kina. Au sa vakadinata ni sa i Kemuni ga Mo ni vakacaucautaki e na Nomuni cakacaka, ka Mo ni sa rogoci e na Nomuni vakatulewa, ka tudei tiko ga e na Nomuni ivakaro.

* Me sa qai laveta cake na ligana, ka cavuta veitarataravii na `Allah'u’Abha’. Me qai tatabaki na ligana e duruna ka cuva vua na Kalou — me sa vakacaucautaki ka vakacerecerei o Koya — me qai kaya:

O ni sa raica, O i Kemuni na noqu Kalou, na kena sa vakayavalata na yaloqu, na yavaqu, ligaqu kei na veitikina kece sara e yagoqu, e na kena gadrevi tiko na sokalou vei Kemuni, kei na kena gadrevi tiko Mo ni nanumi O i Kemuni ka Mo ni vakacaucautaki tale ga; na i vakarau ni kena vakadinadinataki na veika sa vakadinadinataka na Gusu ni Nomuni iVakaro e na matanitu ni Nomuni vosa kei na lomalagi ni Nomuni kilaka. Au gadreva, e na tiki ni gauna oqo, O i Kemuni na noqu Turaga, me u kerea vei Kemuni na veika kece sara e tu vei Kemuni, me u rawa ni bau vakaraitakarakarataka kina na noqu dravudravua, ka vakalevulevuya na Nomuni loloma solisoli wale kei na Nomuni vutuniyau, ka me u vakatusa na noqu malumalumu, ka vakaraitaka na Nomuni kaukauwa kei na Nomuni igu.

* Me sa qai tucake ka laveta vakarua na ligana e na vakamamasu, ka kaya:

Sa sega tale ni dua na Kalou sai Kemuni ga, na Vu ni iGu Cecekia, na Vu ni Yalololoma kece ga. Sa sega tale ni dua na Kalou O i Kemuni ga, na Dauveibuli, e na i vakatekivu ki nai vakataotioti. O i Kemuni na Kalou, na noqu Kalou! Na Nomuni loloma sa vakayaloqaqataki au, kei na Nomuni veivosoti sa vakaukauwataki au, kei na Nomuni kaci sa vakayadrati au, kei na Nomuni totoka sa laveti au cake ka tuberi au yani vei Kemuni. O cei beka o i au, me u mai duri rawa voli e na matamata ni koro levu ka volekati Kemuni, se me u vakanamata ki na rarama ka cila tiko mai e na lomalagi ni Nomuni lewa? O ni sa raica, O i Kemuni na noqu Kalou, na tamata vakaloloma oqo ni sa tukituki tiko e na mata ni katuba ni Nomuni loloma, kei na yalo veilecayaki oqo ni sa vakasaqara na uciwai ni bula tawa mudu mai na Ligamuni loloma solisoli wale. Sa Nomuni na lewa e na veigauna kece ga, O i Kemuni na Turaga ni veiyaca kece ga, ka sa noqu na vakacegu kei na vakarorogo ki na Nomuni lewa, O i Kemuni ka bulia na lomalagi.

* Me sa qai laveta vakatolu na ligana, me qai kaya:

Sa Levu duadua ga na Kalou mai na veika lelevu kece ga!

* Me sa qai tekiduru, cuva ki na qele ka kaya:

O ni sa rui tiko yawa sara mai na nodra veivakacaucautaki o ira era voleka vei Kemuni me rawa ni ra bau cabe yani ki na lomalagi ka volekati Kemuni, se vei ira na manumanu vuka ka ni ra gadreva vakalevu o ira era sa yalodina vei Kemuni me ra bau yacova rawa yani na matamata ni Nomuni katuba. Au sa vakadinadinataka ni O ni sa vakatatabutaka na i tovo taleitaki kece ga ka tabu vaka kina e na dela ni veiyaca kece ga. Sa sega tale e dua na Kalou sa i Kemuni ga, o Koya sa Vakacerecerei Duadua, na Vu ni Lagilagi.

* Me sa qai dabe sobu ka kaya:

Au sa vakadinadinataka mai na vanua sa vakadinadinataki kina na veika buli kece ga, kei na Yalotabu Vakalomalagi, kei ira kece ga na lewe i Parataisi cecere mai cake, kei na kena vuabaleta na veika kece oqo na Gusu ni veivakaturagataki mai na Vunilagi sa vu ni lagilagi, ni sa i Kemuni ga na Kalou. ka sa sega tale ni dua na Kalou sa i Kemuni ga, ka ni O Koya ga ka tadu mai e sa i Koya na Veivakurabuitaki Vuni, na i Vakatakarakara Mareqeti, mai vei Koya ga e rau sa qai biu vata rawa kina na S kei na A (SA) me rau semavata vakavinaka. Au sa vakadinadinataka ni sa i Koya ga e na vuku ni Yacana e a sa volai oti tu mai e na Peni nei Koya sa Cecere Duadua, ka sa vakarogoi tale ga e na Nona i vola na Kalou, na Turaga ni iTikotiko vakatui mai cake kei na vuravura tale ga e ra.

* Me sa qai tucake vakadodonu ka kaya:

O i Kemuni na Turaga ni veika bula kece ga ka i Taukei ni veika kece ga e laurai kei na veika e sega ni laurai! O ni sa vakila na kena drodro na wainimataqu kei na noqu tagilagalaga ka rogoca na noqu vutugu kei na noqu qoqolou kei na yaluma ni utoqu. E na vuku ni Nomuni i gu! Na noqu dau lako sese sa tarovi au tiko e na noqu toro voleka yani vei Kemuni; kei na noqu i valavalaca sa tosoi au tani ka u sa yawa sara mai na rara ni Nomuni yalotabu. Na Nomuni loloma, I noqu Turaga, sa vakavutuniyautaki an, kei na tawase tani mai vei Kemuni sa vakarusai au, kei na yawa tani mai vei Kemuni sa kani au. Au sa vakamasuti Kemuni mai na we ni Yavamuni e na veikauloa oqo, kei na veivosa “O i Au Oqo. O i Au Oqo,” o koya ka ra a vosataka na Nomuni Digitaki e na vanua tawa vakaiyalayala oqo, kei na cagi malumu ni Nomuni iVakatakila, kei na cagi mudre malua ni Cadracadra ni Nomuni iLumuti, Mo ni vakalougatataka me u bau rai rawa vakadodonu ki na Nomuni matavinaka ka dikeva na veika kece sa tu e na Nomuni iVola.

* Me sa qai cavuta veitaravi vakatolu na Yacatabu Levu Duadua o ya na ‘Allah’u'Abha', cuva sobu tabaka toka na duruna, ka kaya:

Mo ni sa vakacaucautaki, O i Kemuni na noqu Kalou, ni O ni sa vukei au me u nanumi Kemuni ka vakacaucautaki Kemuni, kei na Nomuni sa vakayacora rawa me u kilai Koya O Koya na Tovure ni siga ni Nomuni vakatakilakila, ka O ni sa vakavuna me u cuva sobu e Matamuni Vakaturaga, ka vakamalumalumutaki au e mata ni Nomuni iTutu vaKalou, ka me u vakadinata na ka e sa vosataka mai na Gusu ni Nomuni veivakaturagataki.

* Me sa qai duri cake ka kaya:

O i Kemuni na Kalou, na noqu Kalou! Sa vakalairoro mai na dakuqu e na bibi ni colacola ni noqu ca, kei na noqu talaidredre sa vakarusai au. E na veigauna kece au dau vakananuma kina na noqu caka cala kei na Nomuni yalovinaka, e sa dau waicala ga e lomaqu na utoqu, ka laki buebue kina na noqu dra e na veisala ni dra e yagoqu. Mai na Nomuni lagilagi, O i Kemuni na Gagadre kei vuravura! E sa wadadamu na mataqu e na noqu madua me u tucake yani vei Kemuni, ka sa madua vaka kina na ligaqu e na kena gagadre me bau dodo yani ki na lomalagi ni Nomuni loloma soli wale. O ni sa raica, o i Kemuni na noqu Kalou, ni tarovi au tiko na wai ni mataqu e na noqu nanumi Kemuni ka vakacaucautaka na Nomuni yalo veivosoti, O i Kemuni O Koya na Turaga ni iTikotiko vakatui mai cake kei na vuravura oqo e ra! Au sa vakamasuti Kemuni mai na i vakatakilakila ni Nomuni Matanitu kei na veika veivakurabuitaki ni Nomuni Lewa me vakayacori vei ira na Nomuni tamata na veika sa veiganiti kei na Nomuni loloma soli wale, O i Kemuni na Turaga ni veika bula kece ga, ka veiganiti kei na Nomuni veivakalougatataki. O i Kemuni na Tui ni veika e laurai rawa kei na veika e sega ni laurai rawa.

* Me sa qai cavuta vakatolu na 'Allah’u’Abha’, ka tekiduru sobu, cuva ki na qele, ka kaya:

Mo ni vakacaucautaki, Oi Kemuni na neimami Kalou, ni O ni sa dau vakauta sobu tiko ga mai vei keimami na veika e dau vakavuna me keimami torovi Kemuni vakavoleka tiko ga yani kina, ka solia tiko ga mai vei keimami na veika vinaka kece ga sa tau mai vei Kemuni e na Nomuni iVola Tabu. Mo ni taqomaki keimami tiko, ia keimami masuti Kemuni, O i Kemuni na noqu Turaga, mai vei ira na i vavakoso vakasavuliga, ka dau vakanananu tawayaga. Sa i Kemuni, dina ga, na iGu Cecekia, na Vu ni kilaka.

* Me sa qai tucake, dabe sobu, ka kaya:

Au sa vakadinata, O i Kemuni na noqu Kalou, na veika era sa vakadinadinataka na Nomuni Digitaki, ka vakadinata na veika era sa vakadinata o ira na lewe i Parataisi mai cake kei ira era vakavolivolita na Nomuni iTikotiko cecere. Sa Nomuni na veimatanitu e vuravura kei lomalagi, O i Kemuni na Kalou ni veivuravura kece ga!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00094WEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let whosoever travels to different parts to teach, peruse over mountain, desert, land and sea this supplication.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Most Merciful of the merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[703] Prayer UUID: fa2840fb-c742-4fe0-8d21-99c1a4cac5e6

FULL TEXT (ky):
O i Kemuni na Turaga yalololoma! O ni sa buli ira na tamata mai na dua vata ga na i vurevure. O ni sa vakarota me ra sa okati me duabau ga na matavuvale. E na Nomuni Tutu Tabu era sa Nomuni dauveiqaravi kece ga, ka ra vakarurugi kece ga na tamata e na ruku ni nomuni iVakaruru Tabu; era sa soqoni vata kece e na Nomuni Teveli ni Sautu; era sa vakararamataki kece e na i serau ni Nomuni Veivakarautaki.

Isa Turaga! O ni sa lomani ira kece ga, O ni sa dau solisoli vei ira kece ga, O ni sa vakarurugi ira kece ga, ka solia na bula vei ira kece ga. O ni sa sovaraka na taledi kei na kilaka cecekia vei ira na tamata kece ga, ka ra luvuci tu e na Wasawasa ni Nomuni Loloma.

O i Kemuni na Turaga yalololomal Ni vakaduavatataki ira na mata tamata kece ga. Ni lewa mada mai na kena duavata na veimatalotu kece ga me yaco kina me duabau ga na veimatanitu, ka me okati me ra duabau ga na vei matavuvale ka me sa dua ga kina na i tikotiko e na vuravura oqo. Me ra sa bula veilomani kece ga e na vu ni veimaliwai uasivi duadua.

Isa Turaga! Ni laveta cake me cecebuya na drotini ni veivakaduavatataki ni matatamata.

Isa Turaga! Tauyavutaka mada na Veisaututaki Levu Duadua.

Ni dregata mada, O i Kemuni na Kalou, na utodra na tamata kece ga.

O i Kemuni na Tamai keimami dauloloma, na Kalou! Ni vakamarautaka mada na utoi keimami e na i boi taleitaki ni Nomuni loloma. Ni vakararamataka na matai keimami e na i Serau ni Nomuni Dauveituberi. Vakamarautaka na daligai keimami e na rorogo ni Nomuni vosa, ka vakarurugi keimami kece e na Baivatu ni Nomuni Dauveitaqomaki.

Sa i Kemuni na iGu Cecekia kei na kaukauwa, sa i Kemuni na Dauveivosoti ka sa i Kemuni Duabau ga na dau rai sivita na nodra malumalumu na tamata kece ga.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (5 options):

  [1] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

  [2] AB00963IMP (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart and streaming tears to aid whosoever expendeth his energy for the erection of this House, and the construction of this Building wherein Thy name is mentioned every morn and every eve.
      Last:  O God!  Send down Thy divine increase on whosoever endeavoreth to serve this edifice and exerteth himself to raise it amongst the kindreds and religions of the world.  Confirm him in every good deed in promoting the welfare of mankind.  Open Thou the doors of wealth and abundance unto him and make him an heir to the treasures of the Kingdom, which perish not.  Make him a sign of Thy bestowals among the peoples and reinforce him by the sea of Thy generosity and bounty, surging with waves of Thy grace and favor.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful and the Bountiful.

  [3] BB00543VIC (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Render victorious Thy forbearing servants in Thy days by granting them a befitting victory, inasmuch as they have sought martyrdom in Thy path.  Send down upon them that which will bring comfort to their minds, will rejoice their inner beings, will impart assurance to their hearts and tranquillity to their bodies and will enable their souls to ascend to the presence of God, the Most Exalted, and to attain the supreme Paradise and such retreats of glory as Thou hast destined for men of true knowledge and virtue.  Verily, Thou knowest all things, while we are but Thy servants, Thy thralls, Thy bondsmen and Thy poor ones.  No Lord but Thee do we invoke, O God our Lord, nor do we implore blessings or grace from anyone but Thee, O Thou Who art the God of mercy unto this world and the next.  We are but the embodiments of poverty, of nothingness, of helplessness and of perdition, while Thy whole Being betokeneth wealth, independence, glory, majesty and boundless grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art our Lord and the Lord of all things.  Into Thy hands do we surrender ourselves, yearning for the things that pertain unto Thee.

  [4] ABU0095KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou forgiving God! These servants are turning to Thy kingdom and seeking Thy grace and bounty. O God! Make their hearts good and pure in order that they may become worthy of Thy love. Purify and sanctify the spirits that the light of the Sun of Reality may shine upon them. Purify and sanctify the eyes that they may perceive Thy light. Purify and sanctify the ears in order that they may hear the call of Thy kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Powerful the Omnipotent, the Merciful, and Thou art the Generous, the Beneficent, the Lord of grace abounding.

  [5] AB02000DIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord! In this Most Great Dispensation Thou dost accept the intercession of children in behalf of their parents.  This is one of the special infinite bestowals of this Dispensation.  Therefore, O Thou kind Lord, accept the request of this Thy servant at the threshold of Thy singleness and submerge his father in the ocean of Thy grace, because this son hath arisen to render Thee service and is exerting effort at all times in the pathway of Thy love.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, the Forgiver and the Kind!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[704] Prayer UUID: fc3a406e-71a6-49d5-a4a4-e973e666caf3

FULL TEXT (ky):
Z prúdu Svojej večnosti, dýchajúceho ľúbeznosťou, daj sa mi napiť, ó môj Bože, a z plodov stromu Svojho bytia umožni mi ochutnať, ó moja Nádej! Z krištáľových prameňov Svojej lásky dovoľ mi prijať hlboký dúšok, ó moja Sláva, a v tôni Svojej večnej prozreteľnosti ma nechaj prebývať, ó moje Svetlo! Lúčinami Tvojej blízkosti, v Tvojej prítomnosti, daj, nech môžem kráčať, ó môj Milovaný, a po pravici trónu Svojho milosrdenstva ma usaď, ó moja Túžba! Daj, nech ma ovanie vonný vánok Tvojej radosti, ó môj Cieľ, a do výšin raja Svojej pravej podstaty mi povoľ vstúpiť, ó môj Zbožňovaný! Nápevom holubice Svojej jedinosti dovoľ mi načúvať, ó Skvejúci sa, a duchom Svojej sily a Svojej moci ma oživ, ó môj Poskytovateľ! V duchu Tvojej lásky daj, aby som bol neochvejný, ó môj Pomáhajúci, a na chodníku Svojho dobrozdania mi spevni kroky, ó môj Tvorca! V záhrade Svojej nesmrteľnosti pred Svojím obličajom umožni mi navždy prebývať, ó Ty, kto si ku mne Milosrdný, a na stolec Svojej slávy ma posaď, ó Ty, kto si môj Vlastník! Do neba Svojej láskyplnosti ma pozdvihni, ó môj Oživiteľ, a k Dennici Svojho smerovania ma priveď, ó Ty môj Vábiteľ! Pred zjavenia Svojho neviditeľného ducha ma povolaj predstúpiť, ó Ty, ktorý si môj Pôvodca a moje Najvyššie Prianie, a k podstate vône Svojej krásy, ktorú prejavíš, daj sa mi navrátiť, ó Ty, kto si mi Bohom!

Si schopný činiť, čo sa Ti ráči. Ty si vskutku Najvznešenejší, nadovšetko Slávny, zo všetkých Najvyšší.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=5)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________


═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
LANGUAGE: LV
═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[705] Prayer UUID: 0eaea7ee9912

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH08704NEW (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[706] Prayer UUID: 320b672d1de7

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH02022 (Confidence: %!d(float64=70)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“These daily obligatory prayers, together with a few other specific ones, such as the Healing Prayer, the Tablet of Ahmad, have been invested by Bahá’u’lláh with a special potency and significance, and should therefore be accepted as such and be recited by the believers with unquestioning faith and confidence, that through them they may enter into a much closer communion with God, and identify themselves more fully with His laws and precepts.“  —From a letter written on behalf of Shoghi Effendi
      Last:  *¹ The Báb

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[708] Prayer UUID: b4f37c80-4bd5-47f3-ad15-fa8eaee340fc

FULL TEXT (lv):
*"Bet bahājiešiem saderināšanās ir abu pušu pilnīga saprašanās un vienošanās. Viņiem tomēr ir jābūt ļoti uzmanīgiem un jāiepazīst vienam otra raksturs, un viņu starpā noslēgtajām stingrajām derībām ir jākļūst par mūžīgu saiti, un viņu nolūkam ir jāietver mūžīga radniecība, draudzība, vienotība un dzīve."


Viņš ir Dievs! Ak Visaugstais Kungs! Savā visvarenajā gudrībā Tu liec, lai cilvēki stājas laulībā, lai šajā pārejošajā pasaulē paaudze var sekot paaudzei un lai mūžam, cik vien ilgi pasaulei lemts pastāvēt, viņi, kalpojot Tev, pielūdzot un suminot Tevi un Tavu slavu teicot, rosās pie Tavas vienesmes sliekšņa. "Es esmu radījis garus un cilvēkus, lai tie pielūdz Mani."  Tāpēc Savas žēlsirdības debesīs vieno šos divus putnus no Savas mīlestības ligzdiņas, lai viņi kļūst nemitīgas svētības cienīgi, lai šīm divām mīlestības jūrām saplūstot, sabangotos maiguma vilnis un dzīvības krastā iznestu tīrus, un skaistus pēcnācējus. "Viņš ir atbrīvojis šīs divas jūras, lai tās satiktu viena otru. Starp tām ir robeža, kuru tiem nebūs pārkāpt. Kuru no jūsu Kunga veltēm tad jūs noraidīsiet? No ikkatras Viņš augšup uznes lielākas vai mazākas pērles."  Ak Tu, Žēlīgais Kungs! Ļauj šai laulībai nest korāļus un pērles.
Patiesi, Tu esi Visstiprais, Visdiženais, mūžam Piedodošais.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00218SOU (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou incomparable God!  O Thou Lord of the Kingdom!  These souls are Thy heavenly army.  Assist them and, with the cohorts of the Supreme Concourse, make them victorious, so that each one of them may become like unto a regiment and conquer these countries through the love of God and the illumination of divine teachings.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty and the Omnipotent, and Thou art the Wise, the Hearing and the Seeing.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[709] Prayer UUID: bfa5be4e2068

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00065KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=65)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Praise be unto Thee for kindling the fire of divine love in the Holy Tree on the summit of the loftiest mount: that Tree which is “neither of the East nor of the West,”¹ that fire which blazed out till the flame of it soared upward to the Concourse on high, and from it those realities caught the light of guidance, and cried out: “Verily have we perceived a fire on the slope of Mount Sinai.”²
      Last:  *3. Qur’án 76:5.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[711] Prayer UUID: 

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (31 options):

  [1] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

  [2] AB00210BIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The following commune is to be read ... every day:
      Last:  O Lord! I am single, alone and lowly. For me there is no support save Thee, no helper except Thee and no sustainer beside Thee. Confirm me in Thy service, assist me with the cohorts of Thy angels, make me victorious in the promotion of Thy Word and suffer me to speak out Thy wisdom amongst Thy creatures. Verily, Thou art the helper of the weak and the defender of the little ones, and verily Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty and the Unconstrained.

  [3] AB00218SOU (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou incomparable God!  O Thou Lord of the Kingdom!  These souls are Thy heavenly army.  Assist them and, with the cohorts of the Supreme Concourse, make them victorious, so that each one of them may become like unto a regiment and conquer these countries through the love of God and the illumination of divine teachings.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty and the Omnipotent, and Thou art the Wise, the Hearing and the Seeing.

  [4] AB00241HIG (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The following supplication is to be read by the teachers and friends daily:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Wise and the Seeing.

  [5] AB00308DES (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

  [6] AB00314HOR (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  From the horizon of detachment Thou hast manifested souls that, even as the shining moon, shed radiance upon the realm of heart and soul, rid themselves from the attributes of the world of existence and hastened forth unto the kingdom of immortality.  With a drop from the ocean of Thy loving-kindness Thou didst oft-times moisten the gardens of their hearts until they gained incomparable freshness and beauty.  The holy fragrance of Thy divine unity was diffused far and wide, shedding its sweet savors over the entire world, causing the regions of the earth to be redolent with perfume.
      Last:  O Thou kind Lord!  Grant that this youth may attain unto that which is the highest aspiration of the holy ones.  Endow him with the wings of Thy strengthening grace—wings of detachment and divine aid—that he may soar thereby into the atmosphere of Thy tender mercy, be able to partake of Thy celestial bestowals, may become a sign of divine guidance and a standard of the Concourse on high.  Thou art the Potent, the Powerful, the Seeing, the Hearing.

  [7] AB00388COM (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Divine Providence! This assemblage is composed of Thy friends who are attracted to Thy beauty and are set ablaze by the fire of Thy love. Turn these souls into heavenly angels, resuscitate them through the breath of Thy Holy Spirit, grant them eloquent tongues and resolute hearts, bestow upon them heavenly power and merciful susceptibilities, cause them to become the promulgators of the oneness of mankind and the cause of love and concord in the world of humanity, so that the perilous darkness of ignorant prejudice may vanish through the light of the Sun of Truth, this dreary world may become illumined, this material realm may absorb the rays of the world of spirit, these different colors may merge into one color and the melody of praise may rise to the kingdom of Thy sanctity.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Omnipotent, and the Almighty!

  [8] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [9] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [10] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

  [11] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [12] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [13] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [14] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [15] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [16] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [17] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [18] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [19] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [20] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [21] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [22] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [23] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [24] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [25] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [26] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [27] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [28] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [29] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [30] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [31] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[712] Prayer UUID: 02ca5feb-4afa-4a97-8a90-2a71182facec

FULL TEXT (mt):
Aš maldauju Tave vardan Tavo galios, o mano Dieve! Tegu blogis nepakenkia man išbandymų metu ir tegu Tavo įkvėpimas teisingai nukreipia mano žingsnius nerūpestingumo akimirką. Tu esi Dievas, Tu gali daryti tai, ką panori. Niekas negali pasipriešinti Tavo Valiai ar sutrukdyti Tavo Tikslui 172.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BB00002ENA (Confidence: %!d(float64=27)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord!  Enable all the peoples of the earth to gain admittance into the Paradise of Thy Faith, so that no created being may remain beyond the bounds of Thy good-pleasure.
      Last:  From time immemorial Thou hast been potent to do what pleaseth Thee and transcendent above whatsoever Thou desirest.

  [2] AB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Grant Thy favour, and bestow Thy blessing.  Vouchsafe Thy grace, and give a portion of Thy bounty.  Enable these men to witness during this year the fulfilment of their hopes.
      Last:  Send down Thy heavenly rain, and provide Thy plenteousness and abundance.  Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty.

  [3] BH00009HOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: How can I choose to sleep, O God, my God, when the eyes of them that long for Thee are wakeful because of their separation from Thee; and how can I lie down to rest whilst the souls of Thy lovers are sore vexed in their remoteness from Thy presence?
      Last:  By Thy might!  I ask not, whether sleeping or waking, but that which Thou dost desire.  I am Thy servant and in Thy hands.  Do Thou graciously aid me to do what will shed forth the fragrance of Thy good pleasure.  This, truly, is my hope and the hope of them that enjoy near access to Thee.  Praised be Thou, O Lord of the worlds!

  [4] BB00018ADJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: I adjure Thee by Thy might, O my God!  Let no harm beset me in times of tests, and in moments of heedlessness guide my steps aright through Thine inspiration.  Thou art God, potent art Thou to do what Thou desirest. No one can withstand Thy Will or thwart Thy Purpose.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[713] Prayer UUID: 04239a4e-9156-48b8-9b6c-3e72314f27ae

FULL TEXT (mt):
О мій Боже, мій Повелителю, Ціле прагнення Мого! Сей слуга Твій шукає сну у захистку милосердя Твого і спочинку під пологом благодаті Твоєї, благаючи про турботу Твою й опіку.

Молю Тебе, о мій Господи, оком Твоїм невсипущим оберігати очі мої від споглядання усього іншого, крім Тебе. Тож посиль їх проникливість, аби могли вони розрізнити знамення Твої й узріти обрій Твого Одкровення. Ти є Той, перед одкровенням Чиєї всемогутності тремтить сама сутність сили. Немає Бога, крім Тебе, Всемогутнього, Всепідкоряючого, Необмеженого.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God, my Master, the Goal of my desire!  This, Thy servant, seeketh to sleep in the shelter of Thy mercy, and to repose beneath the canopy of Thy grace, imploring Thy care and Thy protection.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Subduing, the Unconditioned.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[715] Prayer UUID: 0578dd82-4a77-4f98-9da3-4b31df835fa1

FULL TEXT (mt):
Neka je sva hvala Tebi, O moj Bože, koji si Izvor svake slave i uzvišenosti, veličine i časti, vlasti i gospodstva, dostojanstva i milosti, strahopoštovanja i moći. Ti privlačiš koga hoćeš do blizine Najuzvišenijeg Okeana, i kome god že- liš ukazuješ čast da prepozna Tvoje Najdrevnije Ime. Niko na nebu i na zemlji, ne može odoljeti djelovanju Tvoje vrhovne Volje. Od vječnosti Ti vladaš čitavim stvorenim svijetom i zauvjek ćeš gospodariti svime što je stvoreno. Nema drugog Boga osim Tebe, Svemoćnog, Najuzvišenijeg, Najsilnijeg, Najmudrijeg.
Ozari svijetlom, O Gospode, lica svojih slugu, da Te mogu gledati; i srca im pročisti, da bi se okrenuli ka dvoru Tvoje nebeske dobrote i prepoznali Onoga Koji je Objava Tebe Samoga i Osvit Tvoje Suštine. Ti, odista, jesi Gospodar svih svijetova. Nema drugog Boga osim Tebe, Neograničenog, Kome se sve pokorava.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [2] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [3] BH00223MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Say: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name through which the splendor of the light of wisdom shone resplendent when the heavens of divine utterance were set in motion amidst mankind, to graciously aid me by Thy heavenly confirmations and enable me to extol Thy Name amongst Thy servants.
      Last:  Verily, potent art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest, and in Thy grasp Thou holdest the kingdom of creation.  There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[716] Prayer UUID: 0595502bf651

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00204PIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou divine Providence, pitiful are we, grant us Thy succour; homeless wanderers, give us Thy shelter; scattered, do Thou unite us; astray, gather us to Thy fold; bereft, do Thou bestow upon us a share and portion; athirst, lead us to the well-spring of Life; frail, strengthen us that we may arise to help Thy Cause and offer ourselves as a living sacrifice in the pathway of guidance.
      Last:  * Selections from the Writings, p. 315.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[718] Prayer UUID: 06d7086c6099

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (5 options):

  [1] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [2] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [3] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [4] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [5] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[720] Prayer UUID: 0ca566f90999

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (5 options):

  [1] BB00015SUF (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Say: God sufficeth all things above all things, and nothing in the heavens or in the earth but God sufficeth.  Verily, He is in Himself the Knower, the Sustainer, the Omnipotent.

  [2] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [3] AB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God!  Grant Thy favour, and bestow Thy blessing.  Vouchsafe Thy grace, and give a portion of Thy bounty.  Enable these men to witness during this year the fulfilment of their hopes.
      Last:  Send down Thy heavenly rain, and provide Thy plenteousness and abundance.  Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty.

  [4] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

  [5] AB11356 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou peerless Lord!  Let this suckling babe be nursed from the breast of Thy loving-kindness, guard it within the cradle of Thy safety and protection and grant that it be reared in the arms of Thy tender affection.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[721] Prayer UUID: 0cbad802e07c

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[723] Prayer UUID: 0e4da5ebe82e

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH07105 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee, by Thy Most Great Name through which Thou didst stir up Thy servants and build up Thy cities, and by Thy most excellent titles, and Thy most august attributes, to assist Thy people to turn in the direction of Thy manifold bounties, and set their faces towards the Tabernacle of Thy wisdom.  Heal Thou the sicknesses that have assailed the souls on every side, and have deterred them from directing their gaze towards the Paradise that lieth in the shelter of Thy shadowing Name, which Thou didst ordain to be the King of all names unto all who are in heaven and all who are on earth.  Potent art Thou to do as pleaseth Thee.  In Thy hands is the empire of all names.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Wise.
      Last:  Thou art truly the Lord of this life and of the next.  Thou art, in truth, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[727] Prayer UUID: 110cd402-72aa-42c4-b68b-999f1dcdb888

FULL TEXT (mt):
## IT-TAVLA TA’ AḤMAD 

*“Dan it-talb obbligatorju ta’ kuljum, flimkien ma’ xi talbiet oħra speċifiċi, bħat-Talba għall-Fejqan, it-Tavla ta’ Aḥmad, ġie mogħni minn Bahá’u’lláh b’qawwa u sinjifikat speċjali, u għalhekk għandu jkun milqugħ bħala tali u jkun reċitat mill-aderenti b’fidi u fiduċja sħiħa, biex permezz tiegħu huma jidħlu f’kommunjoni eqreb ma’ Alla, u jidentifikaw lilhom infushom b’aktar sħuħija mal-liġijiet u l-preċetti tiegħU.” – Minn ittra miktuba għal Shoghi Effendi.

Huwa is-Sultan, li Jaf Kollox, il-Għaref!

Hekk, l-Użinjol tal-Ġenna jgħanni fuq il-friegħi tas-Siġra tal-Eternità, b’għanjiet imqaddsa u ħlejja, ixandar lis-sinċieri l-aħbarijiet ta’ qarbien Alla, isejjaħ lil dawk li jemmnu fl-Għaqda Divina lejn il-qorti tal-Preżenza tal-Ġeneruż, igħarraf lil dawk maqtugħa barra bil-messaġġ li kien mikxuf minn Alla, is-Sultan, il-Glorjuż, li M’Hawnx Bħalu, imexxi l-maħbubin lejn il-maqgħad tal-qdusija u lejn dan il-Ġmiel middi. 

Fis-sew dan huwa dak l-Akbar Ġmiel, imħabbar minn qabel fil-Kotba tal-Messaġġiera, li minnHom is-sew ikun magħżul mill-għelt u l-għerf ta’ kull amar ikun mistħarreġ. Fis-sew Huwa is-Siġra tal-Ħajja li tagħmel il-frott t’Alla, il-Għoli, il-Qawwi, il-Kbir.

O Aḥmad! Kun inti xhud li fis fis-sewwa Huwa Alla u li m’hemmx Alla għajr Hu, is-Sultan, Dak li Jħares, li Bħalu M’Hemmx, Li Jista’ Kollox. U li Dak Li Hu bagħat bl-isem ta’ Alí  kien il-Wieħed tabilħaqq mibgħut minn Alla, li għall-amar tiegħU aħna lkoll noqgħodu. 

Għid: O ġnus obdu l-amar t’Alla, li kienu mħeġġa fil-Bayan mill-Glorjuż, il-Għaref. Fis-sew Hu is-Sultan tal-Messaġġiera u il-Ktieb tiegħU huwa il-Ktieb Omm li kontu tafu.

Hekk l-Użinjol ilissen is-sejħa tiegħU lilkom minn dan il-ħabs. Hu kellu biss iwassal dan il-messaġġ ċar. Kulmin jixtieq, ħalli jwarrab minn dan il-parir u kulmin jixtieq ħalli jagħżel it-triq tas-Sid tiegħu. 

O ġnus, jekk tiċħdu dawn il-vrus, b’liema xiehda emmintu f’Alla? Uruha, O ġemgħa ta’ qarrieqa.

Le, fuq Dak li f’idU tinsab ruħi, m’humiex, u qatt ma jkunu jistgħu jagħmlu dan, ukoll jekk jingħaqdu biex igħinu wieħed lill-ieħor.

O Aḥmad! La tinsiex tjibatI meta ma nkunx hawn. Iftakar il-jiem tiegħI matul il-jiem tiegħek, u l-għali u l-eżilju tiegħi f’dan il-ħabs imbiegħed. U kun int hekk sod fl-imħabba tiegħI li qalbek ma togħtorx, ukoll jekk ix-xwabel tal għadu ifajru d-daqqiet fuqek u s-smewwiet kollha u l-art iqumu kontra tiegħek.

Kun int bħal ilsien tan-nar għall-egħdewwa tiegħI u xmara ta’ ħajja eterna għall-maħbubin tiegħI, u tkunx minn dawk li jiddubitaw.

U jekk int tinħakem mill-hemm fit-triq tiegħI, jew tisfa’ mbaxxi mħabba fijA, xejn la tinkwieta.

Oqgħod fuq Alla, Alla tiegħek u Sid missirijietek. Għax il-ġnus qed jimirħu fit-toroq tal-qerq, imċaħħda mill-għarfien ħalli jaraw ’l Alla b’għajnejhom stess, jew jisimgħu l-Għanja tiegħU b’widnejhom stess. Hekk sibnihom Aħna, kif tixhed int ukoll.

Hekk sar twemminhom fieragħ bħalma star bejnhom u bejn qlubhom u żammhom mit-triq t’Alla, il-Għoli, il-Kbir.

Kun inti żgur fik innifsek li fis-sewwa, dak li jwarrab minn dan il-Ġmiel ikun warrab ukoll mill-Messaġġiera tal-imgħoddi u juri kburija lejn Alla minn eternità għal eternità.

Itgħallem sewwa din it-Tavla, O Aḥmad. Għanniha matul il-jiem tiegħek u żżommx lilek innifsek lura minnha. Għax fis-sew, Alla amar għal min igħanniha, il-ħlas ta’ mit martri u qadi fiż-żewġ dinjiet. Dawn il-għoġbat Aħna xerridna fuqek bħala tjieba min-naħa tagħNa u ħniena mill-preżenza tagħNa, biex inti tkun fost dawk li huma grati. 

F’ġieh Alla! Jekk wieħed li jinsab f’xi saram jew niket jaqra din it-Tavla bl-akbar sinċeritá, Alla jkeċċilu id-diqa tiegħu, iħoll il-għawġ tiegħu u jneħħilu n-niket tiegħu.

Fis-sew, Hu il-Hanin, li Jagħder. Tifħir lil Alla, is-Sid tad-dinjiet kollha.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [2] BH00238 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Light and glory, greeting and praise be upon the Hands of His Cause, through whom the light of fortitude hath shone forth and the truth hath been established that the authority to choose rests with God, the Powerful, the Mighty, the Unconstrained, through whom the ocean of bounty hath surged and the fragrance of the gracious favors of God, the Lord of mankind, hath been diffused.  We beseech Him—exalted is He—to shield them through the power of His hosts, to protect them through the potency of His dominion, and to aid them through His indomitable strength which prevaileth over all created things.  Sovereignty is God's, the Creator of the heavens and the Lord of the Kingdom of Names.
      Last:  * Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh, Lawh-i-Dunyá (Tablet of the World)

  [3] BH01125 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by Thy mighty Sign, and by the revelation of Thy grace amongst men, to cast me not away from the gate of the city of Thy presence, and to disappoint not the hopes I have set on the manifestations of Thy grace amidst Thy creatures.  Thou seest me, O my God, holding to Thy Name, the Most Holy, the Most Luminous, the Most Mighty, the Most Great, the Most Exalted, the Most Glorious, and clinging to the hem of the robe to which have clung all in this world and in the world to come.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my Lord, by Thyself, and by Thy signs, and Thy clear tokens, and the shining light of the Daystar of Thy Beauty, and Thy Branches, to cancel the trespasses of those who have held fast to Thy laws, and have observed what Thou hast prescribed unto them in Thy Book.  Thou seest me, O my God, holding to Thy Name, the Most Holy, the Most Luminous, the Most Mighty, the Most Great, the Most Exalted, the Most Glorious, and clinging to the hem of the robe to which have clung all in this world and in the world to come.

  [4] BH03908 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *(Naw-Rúz, March 21, is the first day of the Bahá'í year.)
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[728] Prayer UUID: 140f0a50-8770-4e7a-a160-3b0dad3d6a8b

FULL TEXT (mt):
О деревця й саджанці, довершені й ніжні, що зростають у лугах керівництва! О ви, новоприбульці до Братства Істини!

Хоча зараз ви учні, плекаємо надію, що завдяки зливам хмар благодаті станете вчителями, дасте пишний цвіт, немов квіти й запашні трави в садочку знань, що належать як розумові, так і серцю. Кожен з вас буятиме, неначе дерево, багате своїм врожаєм, пишне, свіже та міцне, рясно вкрите солодкими плодами.

Нехай завдяки потаємній Божій підтримці кожен з вас перетвориться на джерельце знань. Хай серця ваші повсякчас отримують натхнення від Жителів Вишнього сонму. Хай краплинка стане морем великим, а пилинка засяє сліпуче, мов сонце.

Його Святість Баб промовляв: „Якщо мала мурашка в день сей забажає здобути таку силу, аби прояснити найбільш незрозумілі й туманні місця Корану, прагнення її, без сумніву, збудеться, бо в найзаповітнішому єстві всього сущого пульсує таїна вічної могутності”. Коли безпорадне створіння може набути такої вправності, наскільки більш дійовою мусить бути сила, вивільнена щедрими потоками благодаті Багаулли?! Яке ж непорівнянне підкріплення отримуємо, який багатий сердечний набуток маємо!

Тож, о просвітлена юне, щодень і щоніч докладайте зусиль, аби розгадати таємниці розуму й духу та збагнути секрети Божого Дня. Сповніться свідченнями проблисків Найвеличнішого Імені. Розкрийте уста свої у прославлянні. Наводьте переконливі докази та обміркування. Ведіть спраглих до водограю життя, а недужих обдаровуйте істинним здоров’ям. Станьте підручними Божими, будьте лікарями, керованими Богом, і зцілюйте немічних. Приймайте вигнанців у коло найближчих друзів. Обдаровуйте надією сповнених відчаю. Пробуджуйте сплячих, безпечних робіть уважними.

Такими є плоди сього земного життя. Таким є положення променистої слави.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00049RAP (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: * Whoever sets out on a teaching journey to any place, let him recite this prayer day and night during his travels in foreign lands.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Confirmer of whomsoever Thou willest in that which Thou desirest, and, verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Omnipotent.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[729] Prayer UUID: 167a2063edc5

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[730] Prayer UUID: 16dd89b9e52a

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH07426FOO (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord!  Make Thy beauty to be my food, and Thy presence my drink, and Thy pleasure my hope, and praise of Thee my action, and remembrance of Thee my companion, and the power of Thy sovereignty my succorer, and Thy habitation my home, and my dwelling-place the seat Thou hast sanctified from the limitations imposed upon them who are shut out as by a veil from Thee.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[731] Prayer UUID: 1871c429d665

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] ABU0003DIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Dispel all those elements which are the cause of discord, and prepare for us all those things which are the cause of unity and accord!  O God!  Descend upon us Heavenly Fragrance and change this gathering into a gathering of Heaven!  Grant to us every benefit and every food.  Prepare for us the Food of Love!  Give us the Food of Knowledge!  Bestow on us the Food of Heavenly Illumination!

  [2] AB02000DIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord! In this Most Great Dispensation Thou dost accept the intercession of children in behalf of their parents.  This is one of the special infinite bestowals of this Dispensation.  Therefore, O Thou kind Lord, accept the request of this Thy servant at the threshold of Thy singleness and submerge his father in the ocean of Thy grace, because this son hath arisen to render Thee service and is exerting effort at all times in the pathway of Thy love.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, the Forgiver and the Kind!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[732] Prayer UUID: 18bffd9655e9

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] AB00397HEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O Thou loving Provider!  These souls have hearkened to the summons of the Kingdom, and have gazed upon the glory of the Sun of Truth.  They have risen upward to the refreshing skies of love; they are enamored of Thy nature, and they worship Thy beauty.  Unto Thee have they turned themselves, speaking together of Thee, seeking out Thy dwelling, and thirsting for the waterbrooks of Thy heavenly realm.
      Last:  Thou art the Giver, the Bestower, the Ever-Loving.

  [2] ABU0003DIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O God!  Dispel all those elements which are the cause of discord, and prepare for us all those things which are the cause of unity and accord!  O God!  Descend upon us Heavenly Fragrance and change this gathering into a gathering of Heaven!  Grant to us every benefit and every food.  Prepare for us the Food of Love!  Give us the Food of Knowledge!  Bestow on us the Food of Heavenly Illumination!

  [3] AB02000DIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O Lord! In this Most Great Dispensation Thou dost accept the intercession of children in behalf of their parents.  This is one of the special infinite bestowals of this Dispensation.  Therefore, O Thou kind Lord, accept the request of this Thy servant at the threshold of Thy singleness and submerge his father in the ocean of Thy grace, because this son hath arisen to render Thee service and is exerting effort at all times in the pathway of Thy love.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, the Forgiver and the Kind!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[733] Prayer UUID: 1a555697fbb4

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=65)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [2] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[736] Prayer UUID: 1e6cb391-e148-4f5a-9f82-588083a35486

FULL TEXT (mt):
Oslávené buď Tvoje meno, ó Pane, môj Bože! Úpenlivo Ťa prosím pri Tvojej sile, ktorá obklopila všetko stvorené, a pri Tvojom mocnárstve, ktoré presahuje celé stvorenie, a pri Tvojom Slove, ktoré bolo ukryté v Tvojej múdrosti a prostredníctvom ktorého si stvoril Svoje nebo a Svoju zem, aby si nám umožnil byť neochvejnými v láske k Tebe a v poslušnosti voči Tvojmu rozhodnutiu a zároveň aby sme mohli uprieť zrak na Tvoju tvár a oslavovať Tvoju slávu. Daj nám teda silu, ó môj Bože, aby sme medzi Tvojimi stvoreniami doďaleka mohli šíriť Tvoje znamenia a chrániť Tvoju vieru v Tvojej ríši. Vždy si jestvoval nezávisle od zmienky ktoréhokoľvek z Tvojich stvorení a na večné veky zostaneš taký, aký si bol.
Do Teba som vložil celú svoju dôveru, k Tebe som obrátil tvár a k lanu Tvojej láskavej prozreteľnosti som priľnul a náhlil som sa k tôni Tvojho milosrdenstva. Neposielaj ma sklamaného preč od Svojich dverí, ó môj Bože, a neodopieraj mi Svoju priazeň, pretože ja hľadám jedine Teba. Niet Boha okrem Teba, vždy Odpúšťajúceho, Najštedrejšieho.
Chvála buď Tebe, ó Ty, koho milujú tí, ktorí Ťa poznali!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BB00100EXI (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O God! Thou art the God Who hath existed before all things, Who will exist after all things and will last beyond all things. Thou art the God Who knoweth all things, and is supreme over all things. Thou art the God Who dealeth mercifully with all things, Who judgeth between all things and Whose vision embraceth all things. Thou art God my Lord, Thou art aware of my position, Thou dost witness my inner and outer being.
      Last:  Grant Thy forgiveness unto me and unto the believers who responded to Thy Call. Be Thou my sufficing helper against the mischief of whosoever may desire to inflict sorrow upon me or wish me ill. Verily, Thou art the Lord of all created things. Thou dost suffice everyone, while no one can be self-sufficient without Thee.

  [2] BB00005SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: LIKELY)
      [English reference not found]

  [3] BH00009AWA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: I give praise to Thee, O my God, that Thou hast awakened me out of my sleep, and brought me forth after my disappearance, and raised me up from my slumber.  I have wakened this morning with my face set toward the splendors of the Daystar of thy Revelation, through Which the heavens of Thy power and Thy majesty have been illumined, acknowledging Thy signs, believing in Thy Book, and holding fast unto Thy Cord.
      Last:  Thou disappointest no one who hath sought Thee, nor dost Thou keep back from Thee anyone who hath desired Thee.  Ordain Thou for me what becometh the heaven of Thy generosity, and the ocean of Thy bounty. Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[737] Prayer UUID: 214f8be6148b

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0129EDU (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O God!  Educate these children.  These children are the plants of Thine orchard, the flowers of Thy meadow, the roses of Thy garden. Let Thy rain fall upon them; let the Sun of Reality shine upon them with Thy love.  Let Thy breeze refresh them in order that they may be trained, grow and develop, and appear in the utmost beauty.  Thou art the Giver.  Thou art the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[738] Prayer UUID: 22085abaa333

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0129EDU (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Educate these children.  These children are the plants of Thine orchard, the flowers of Thy meadow, the roses of Thy garden. Let Thy rain fall upon them; let the Sun of Reality shine upon them with Thy love.  Let Thy breeze refresh them in order that they may be trained, grow and develop, and appear in the utmost beauty.  Thou art the Giver.  Thou art the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[739] Prayer UUID: 227ff293

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[740] Prayer UUID: 232a1ba7-c953-49b5-a75f-101efbd7e906

FULL TEXT (mt):
## MŌ TE HIKI UAUATANGA

He Kaihiki i te uauatanga anō, tua atu i Te Atua? Whākīna: Whakanuia Te Atua! Ko Ia Te Atua! Katoa o tātou ko Ana pononga, katoa o tātou he mea ū ki Tāna e hiahia ai.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00623 (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Is there any Remover of difficulties save God?  Say: Praised be God! He is God!  All are His servants, and all abide by His bidding!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[742] Prayer UUID: 2434336c88b7

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[743] Prayer UUID: 25330b8ef48e

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB09040 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord!
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Seer, the Hearer.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[744] Prayer UUID: 25349b0cd452

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (5 options):

  [1] AB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Grant Thy favour, and bestow Thy blessing.  Vouchsafe Thy grace, and give a portion of Thy bounty.  Enable these men to witness during this year the fulfilment of their hopes.
      Last:  Send down Thy heavenly rain, and provide Thy plenteousness and abundance.  Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty.

  [2] AB00001SHI (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Shield Thy trusted servants from the evils of self and passion, protect them with the watchful eye of Thy loving-kindness from all rancor, hate and envy, shelter them in the impregnable stronghold of Thy care and, safe from the darts of doubtfulness, make them the manifestations of Thy glorious signs, illumine their faces with the effulgent rays shed from the Dayspring of Thy divine unity, gladden their hearts with the verses revealed from Thy holy kingdom, strengthen their loins by Thine all-swaying power that cometh from Thy realm of glory.  Thou art the All-Bountiful, the Protector, the Almighty, the Gracious.

  [3] ABU0268AME (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  This gathering is turning to Thee.  These hearts are radiant with Thy love.  These minds and spirits are exhilarated by the message of Thy glad-tidings.  O God!  Let this American democracy become glorious in spiritual degrees even as it has aspired to material degrees, and render this just government victorious.  Confirm this revered nation to upraise the standard of the oneness of humanity, to promulgate the Most Great Peace, to become thereby most glorious and praiseworthy among all the nations of the world.  O God! This American nation is worthy of Thy favors and is deserving of Thy mercy.  Make it precious and near to Thee through Thy bounty and bestowal.

  [4] AB00044PRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Provider! Thou hast breathed over the friends in the West the sweet fragrance of the Holy Spirit, and with the light of divine guidance Thou hast lit up the western sky. Thou hast made those who were once remote to draw near unto Thyself; Thou hast turned strangers into loving friends; Thou hast awakened those who slept; Thou hast made the heedless mindful.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful, and Thou art the God of strength, the Omnipotent, the All-Seeing.

  [5] AB00189AID (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Aid Thou Thy trusted servants to have loving and tender hearts.  Help them to spread, amongst all the nations of the earth, the light of guidance that cometh from the Company on high. Verily, Thou art the Strong, the Powerful, the Mighty, the All-Subduing, the Ever-Giving.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Gentle, the Tender, the Most Bountiful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[745] Prayer UUID: 26061efb-721f-47fa-8142-80e05e7cb938

FULL TEXT (mt):
Ikun imkabbar l-isem tiegħeK, O Alla tiegħi, għax Int urejt il-Jum li hu Sultan il-Jiem, il-Jum li Int ħabbart mill-Magħżulin tiegħeK u lill-Profeti tiegħeK fit-Twavel l-aktar eċċellenti tiegħeK, il-Jum li fiħ Int xerridt id-dija tal-glorja ta’ ismijieteK kollha fuq il-ħlejjaq kollha. Kbirs hi qdusit dak li ntelaq lejK, u daħal fil-preżenza tiegħeK, u qabad il-ħsus ta leħneK.

Jien nitolbok, O Sid tiegħi, f’isem Dak li dwarU ddur bil-qima is-saltna ta’ ismijieteK, sabiex ħanin Int lilhom tgħin li huma egħżież għaliK ħalli jsebbħu il-kelma tiegħeK fost il-qaddejja tiegħeK, u jxerrdu fil-wisa’ it-tifhir lileK fost il-ħlejjaq tiegħeK, hekk li l-għaxqiet tar-rivelazzjoni teegħeK ikunu jistgħu jimlew l-erwieħ ta’ dawk kollha li jgħammru fuq l-art tiegħeK.

Ladarba Int mexxejtom, O Sid tiegħi, lejn l-ilmijiet ħajja tal-grazzja tiegħeK, agħmel, f’ġieh il-tjieba tiegħeK, li ma jinżammux lura minneK; u ladarba Int Sejjaħtilhom lejn il-għamar tat-tron tiegħeK, la tkeċċihomx mill-preżenza tiegħeK, f’ġieh imħabbteK  ħanina. Niżżel fuqhom dak li jaqtagħhom għal kollox minn kollox għajr minneK, u ħalli jkunu jistgħu jogħlew fl-atmosfera tal-qarbien tiegħeK, b’tali mod li la setgħet il-ħakkiem la tnebbih dawk li ma emmnux fiK Innifsek l-aktar sultani u qawwi ma jkunu jistgħu iżommuhom lura minneK.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (8 options):

  [1] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=65)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [2] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=65)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [3] BH10231 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how the wrongs committed by such of Thy creatures as have turned their backs to Thee have come in between Him in Whom Thy Godhead is manifest and Thy servants.  Send down upon them, O my Lord, what will cause them to be busied with each others' concerns.  Let, then, their violence be confined to their own selves, that the land and they that dwell therein may find peace.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [4] BH09809 (Confidence: %!d(float64=65)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how Thy loved ones have been encompassed by the rebellious amongst Thy creatures and the wicked amidst Thy people.  No land remaineth but the lamentation of Thy lovers and the wailing of Thy chosen ones were lifted up therein.  I beseech Thee by Thy Most Great Name to draw forth the hand of power from the bosom of Thy might and to assist therewith all them that love Thee.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Informed.

  [5] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [6] BH02848 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God and my Master!  I am Thy servant and the son of Thy servant. I have risen from my couch at this dawntide when the Daystar of Thy oneness hath shone forth from the Dayspring of Thy will, and hath shed its radiance upon the whole world, according to what had been ordained in the Books of Thy Decree.
      Last:  Thou art, truly, the Lord and King of all men, and art potent over all things.

  [7] BH02777RIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God and my Master!  I am Thy servant and the son of Thy servant. I have risen from my couch at this dawntide when the Daystar of Thy oneness hath shone forth from the Dayspring of Thy will, and hath shed its radiance upon the whole world, according to what had been ordained in the Books of Thy Decree.
      Last:  Thou art, truly, the Lord and King of all men, and art potent over all things.

  [8] AB00963IMP (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart and streaming tears to aid whosoever expendeth his energy for the erection of this House, and the construction of this Building wherein Thy name is mentioned every morn and every eve.
      Last:  O God!  Send down Thy divine increase on whosoever endeavoreth to serve this edifice and exerteth himself to raise it amongst the kindreds and religions of the world.  Confirm him in every good deed in promoting the welfare of mankind.  Open Thou the doors of wealth and abundance unto him and make him an heir to the treasures of the Kingdom, which perish not.  Make him a sign of Thy bestowals among the peoples and reinforce him by the sea of Thy generosity and bounty, surging with waves of Thy grace and favor.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful and the Bountiful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[746] Prayer UUID: 280f0a41e6f2

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00438 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: My God, my Adored One, my King, my Desire!  What tongue can voice my thanks to Thee?  I was heedless, Thou didst awaken me.  I had turned back from Thee, Thou didst graciously aid me to turn towards Thee.  I was as one dead, Thou didst quicken me with the water of life.  I was withered, Thou didst revive me with the heavenly stream of Thine utterance which hath flowed forth from the Pen of the All-Merciful.
      Last:  O Divine Providence!  All existence is begotten by Thy bounty; deprive it not of the waters of Thy generosity, neither do Thou withhold it from the ocean of Thy mercy.  I beseech Thee to aid and assist me at all times and under all conditions, and seek from the heaven of Thy grace Thine ancient favor.  Thou art, in truth, the Lord of bounty, and the Sovereign of the kingdom of eternity.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[747] Prayer UUID: 28807793e46f

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0129EDU (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Educate these children.  These children are the plants of Thine orchard, the flowers of Thy meadow, the roses of Thy garden. Let Thy rain fall upon them; let the Sun of Reality shine upon them with Thy love.  Let Thy breeze refresh them in order that they may be trained, grow and develop, and appear in the utmost beauty.  Thou art the Giver.  Thou art the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[748] Prayer UUID: 2b972b112dbc

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (6 options):

  [1] BH00662FLO (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God! I ask Thee, by Thy most glorious Name, to aid me in that which will cause the affairs of Thy servants to prosper, and Thy cities to flourish. Thou, indeed, hast power over all things!
      Last:  * Summons of the Lord of Hosts, p. 90.

  [2] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [3] BH00009HOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: How can I choose to sleep, O God, my God, when the eyes of them that long for Thee are wakeful because of their separation from Thee; and how can I lie down to rest whilst the souls of Thy lovers are sore vexed in their remoteness from Thy presence?
      Last:  By Thy might!  I ask not, whether sleeping or waking, but that which Thou dost desire.  I am Thy servant and in Thy hands.  Do Thou graciously aid me to do what will shed forth the fragrance of Thy good pleasure.  This, truly, is my hope and the hope of them that enjoy near access to Thee.  Praised be Thou, O Lord of the worlds!

  [4] BB00018ADJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I adjure Thee by Thy might, O my God!  Let no harm beset me in times of tests, and in moments of heedlessness guide my steps aright through Thine inspiration.  Thou art God, potent art Thou to do what Thou desirest. No one can withstand Thy Will or thwart Thy Purpose.

  [5] AB00001SHI (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Shield Thy trusted servants from the evils of self and passion, protect them with the watchful eye of Thy loving-kindness from all rancor, hate and envy, shelter them in the impregnable stronghold of Thy care and, safe from the darts of doubtfulness, make them the manifestations of Thy glorious signs, illumine their faces with the effulgent rays shed from the Dayspring of Thy divine unity, gladden their hearts with the verses revealed from Thy holy kingdom, strengthen their loins by Thine all-swaying power that cometh from Thy realm of glory.  Thou art the All-Bountiful, the Protector, the Almighty, the Gracious.

  [6] AB00044PRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Provider! Thou hast breathed over the friends in the West the sweet fragrance of the Holy Spirit, and with the light of divine guidance Thou hast lit up the western sky. Thou hast made those who were once remote to draw near unto Thyself; Thou hast turned strangers into loving friends; Thou hast awakened those who slept; Thou hast made the heedless mindful.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful, and Thou art the God of strength, the Omnipotent, the All-Seeing.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[749] Prayer UUID: 2baf1069b2d3

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] AB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God!  Grant Thy favour, and bestow Thy blessing.  Vouchsafe Thy grace, and give a portion of Thy bounty.  Enable these men to witness during this year the fulfilment of their hopes.
      Last:  Send down Thy heavenly rain, and provide Thy plenteousness and abundance.  Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty.

  [2] AB00189AID (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Aid Thou Thy trusted servants to have loving and tender hearts.  Help them to spread, amongst all the nations of the earth, the light of guidance that cometh from the Company on high. Verily, Thou art the Strong, the Powerful, the Mighty, the All-Subduing, the Ever-Giving.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Gentle, the Tender, the Most Bountiful.

  [3] AB00963IMP (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart and streaming tears to aid whosoever expendeth his energy for the erection of this House, and the construction of this Building wherein Thy name is mentioned every morn and every eve.
      Last:  O God!  Send down Thy divine increase on whosoever endeavoreth to serve this edifice and exerteth himself to raise it amongst the kindreds and religions of the world.  Confirm him in every good deed in promoting the welfare of mankind.  Open Thou the doors of wealth and abundance unto him and make him an heir to the treasures of the Kingdom, which perish not.  Make him a sign of Thy bestowals among the peoples and reinforce him by the sea of Thy generosity and bounty, surging with waves of Thy grace and favor.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful and the Bountiful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[752] Prayer UUID: 2fca79914e3b

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH00554 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God, the God of bounty and mercy! Thou art that King by Whose commanding word the whole creation hath been called into being; and Thou art that All-Bountiful One the doings of Whose servants have never hindered Him from showing forth His grace, nor have they frustrated the revelations of His bounty.
      Last:  Suffer this servant, I beseech Thee, to attain unto that which is the cause of his salvation in every world of Thy worlds.  Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the Most Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [2] BH00438 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: My God, my Adored One, my King, my Desire!  What tongue can voice my thanks to Thee?  I was heedless, Thou didst awaken me.  I had turned back from Thee, Thou didst graciously aid me to turn towards Thee.  I was as one dead, Thou didst quicken me with the water of life.  I was withered, Thou didst revive me with the heavenly stream of Thine utterance which hath flowed forth from the Pen of the All-Merciful.
      Last:  O Divine Providence!  All existence is begotten by Thy bounty; deprive it not of the waters of Thy generosity, neither do Thou withhold it from the ocean of Thy mercy.  I beseech Thee to aid and assist me at all times and under all conditions, and seek from the heaven of Thy grace Thine ancient favor.  Thou art, in truth, the Lord of bounty, and the Sovereign of the kingdom of eternity.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[754] Prayer UUID: 327833b5-0f9b-40bf-84ae-99fff9cbc6c0

FULL TEXT (mt):
O Diu, tù chì sì lu mio Diu, per mezu di u to mare di guarigione, per mezu di i splendori di u sole di a to grazia, per mezu di u to nome chì hà sottumessu i to servitori, per mezu di a forza di persuasione di a to parolla esaltante, per mezu di a to putenza di a to penna riveritìssima è per mezu di a to misericordia antivista à a creazione di tutti quelli chì sò in celu è nant’à a terra, ti dumandu di purificammi cù l’acque di a to liberalità da ogni afflizzione è da ogni turbamentu, da ogni debulezza è da ogni mancanza. O tù chì sì lu mio Signore, vedi u to servitore chì pichja à a porta di a to liberalità è vedi quellu chì mette a so speranza in tè, attaccatu à a funa di a to generosità. Ùn li rifusà, m’arricumandu, ciò ch’ellu ti chere da u mare di a to grazia è da u sole di a to tènera buntà. Hai u putere d’agisce cum’ella ti piace. Ùn ci hè altru Diu chè tè, l’eternu Magnanìssimu, u Generusìssimu.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH00662FLO (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God! I ask Thee, by Thy most glorious Name, to aid me in that which will cause the affairs of Thy servants to prosper, and Thy cities to flourish. Thou, indeed, hast power over all things!
      Last:  * Summons of the Lord of Hosts, p. 90.

  [2] BH00009HOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: How can I choose to sleep, O God, my God, when the eyes of them that long for Thee are wakeful because of their separation from Thee; and how can I lie down to rest whilst the souls of Thy lovers are sore vexed in their remoteness from Thy presence?
      Last:  By Thy might!  I ask not, whether sleeping or waking, but that which Thou dost desire.  I am Thy servant and in Thy hands.  Do Thou graciously aid me to do what will shed forth the fragrance of Thy good pleasure.  This, truly, is my hope and the hope of them that enjoy near access to Thee.  Praised be Thou, O Lord of the worlds!

  [3] BB00018ADJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I adjure Thee by Thy might, O my God!  Let no harm beset me in times of tests, and in moments of heedlessness guide my steps aright through Thine inspiration.  Thou art God, potent art Thou to do what Thou desirest. No one can withstand Thy Will or thwart Thy Purpose.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[755] Prayer UUID: 330cf9b0-9ff8-40d6-adb7-81fe42f8e5a2

FULL TEXT (mt):
Усякая хвала, о мой Божа, Табе няхай будзе, Хто ёсць выток усякай славы і велічы, сілы і гонару, вярхоўнай улады і панавання, узвышанасці і літасці, глыбокай пашаны і моцы. Каму жадаеш, даеш Ты наблізіцца да Найвялікшага Акіяна, і каму жадаеш, дорыш гонар прызнаць Тваё Найстаражытнейшае Iмя. З усіх тых, хто ёсць у нябёсах і на зямлі, ніхто не можа супрацьстаяць дзеянню Тваёй уладарнай волі. Адвеку правіш ты ўсім стварэннем і Ты будзеш заўжды працягваць уладарыць над усім створаным. Няма іншага Бога, акрамя Цябе, Усемагутнага, Найузвышанага, Усямоцнага, Усямудрага.
Азары, о Госпадзе, твары слугаў Тваіх, каб яны маглі ўгледзець Цябе; ачысці сэрцы іх, каб яны маглі звярнуцца да двара Тваіх нябесных міласцей і прызнаць Таго, Хто ёсць Увасабленне Тваё і Світанне Iснасці Тваёй. Сапраўды, Ты ёсць Гасподзь усіх сусветаў. Няма іншага Бога, акрамя Цябе, Вольнадзейнага, Каму ўсё пакараецца.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BH00223MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Say: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name through which the splendor of the light of wisdom shone resplendent when the heavens of divine utterance were set in motion amidst mankind, to graciously aid me by Thy heavenly confirmations and enable me to extol Thy Name amongst Thy servants.
      Last:  Verily, potent art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest, and in Thy grasp Thou holdest the kingdom of creation.  There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

  [2] BH00238 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Light and glory, greeting and praise be upon the Hands of His Cause, through whom the light of fortitude hath shone forth and the truth hath been established that the authority to choose rests with God, the Powerful, the Mighty, the Unconstrained, through whom the ocean of bounty hath surged and the fragrance of the gracious favors of God, the Lord of mankind, hath been diffused.  We beseech Him—exalted is He—to shield them through the power of His hosts, to protect them through the potency of His dominion, and to aid them through His indomitable strength which prevaileth over all created things.  Sovereignty is God's, the Creator of the heavens and the Lord of the Kingdom of Names.
      Last:  * Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh, Lawh-i-Dunyá (Tablet of the World)

  [3] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [4] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[757] Prayer UUID: 37e97433-fc7d-41fa-915a-84e4de602b4d

FULL TEXT (mt):
О мій Боже! О мій Боже! Поєднай серця слуг Твоїх і відкрий їм величну мету Твою. Хай дотримуються вони Твоїх настанов і перебувають у Твоєму законі. Помагай їм, Боже, у стараннях їх і даруй їм силу служити Тобі.

О Боже, не покидай їх на самих себе, а скеровуй кроки їх світлом Твоїх знань і звеселяй серця їх Твоєю любов’ю. Воістину, Ти Помічник їх і Господь.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[758] Prayer UUID: 3a6a3024a532

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (7 options):

  [1] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [2] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [3] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [4] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [5] AB03017CAL (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! This Thy handmaid is calling upon Thee, trusting in Thee, turning her face unto Thee, imploring Thee to shed thy heavenly bounties upon her, and to disclose unto her Thy spiritual mysteries, and to cast upon her the lights of Thy Godhead.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Ever-Bestowing, the Open of Hand.

  [6] AB02326 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  O Lord, my God! Lowly are these servants of Thine, exalt them in Thy kingdom on high; feeble, strengthen them by Thy supreme power; abased, bestow upon them Thy glory in Thine all-highest realm; poor, enrich them in Thy great dominion. Do Thou then ordain for them all the good Thou hast destined in Thy worlds, visible and invisible, prosper them in this world below, gladden their hearts with Thine inspiration, O Lord of all beings! Illumine their hearts with Thy joyful tidings diffused from Thine all-glorious Station, make firm their steps in Thy Most-Great Covenant and strengthen their loins in Thy firm Testament, by Thy bounty and promised grace, O Gracious and Merciful One! Thou art, verily, the Gracious, the All-Bountiful.

  [7] AB00949WIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  Graciously bestow a pair of heavenly wings unto each of these fledglings, and give them spiritual power that they may wing their flight through this limitless space and may soar to the heights of the Abhá Kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful; Thou art the Bestower and the All-Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[760] Prayer UUID: 40f4f7c2150b

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (6 options):

  [1] AB00397HEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou loving Provider!  These souls have hearkened to the summons of the Kingdom, and have gazed upon the glory of the Sun of Truth.  They have risen upward to the refreshing skies of love; they are enamored of Thy nature, and they worship Thy beauty.  Unto Thee have they turned themselves, speaking together of Thee, seeking out Thy dwelling, and thirsting for the waterbrooks of Thy heavenly realm.
      Last:  Thou art the Giver, the Bestower, the Ever-Loving.

  [2] ABU0003DIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Dispel all those elements which are the cause of discord, and prepare for us all those things which are the cause of unity and accord!  O God!  Descend upon us Heavenly Fragrance and change this gathering into a gathering of Heaven!  Grant to us every benefit and every food.  Prepare for us the Food of Love!  Give us the Food of Knowledge!  Bestow on us the Food of Heavenly Illumination!

  [3] BH00009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God, my Master, the Goal of my desire!  This, Thy servant, seeketh to sleep in the shelter of Thy mercy, and to repose beneath the canopy of Thy grace, imploring Thy care and Thy protection.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Subduing, the Unconditioned.

  [4] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [5] BH00223MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Say: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name through which the splendor of the light of wisdom shone resplendent when the heavens of divine utterance were set in motion amidst mankind, to graciously aid me by Thy heavenly confirmations and enable me to extol Thy Name amongst Thy servants.
      Last:  Verily, potent art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest, and in Thy grasp Thou holdest the kingdom of creation.  There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

  [6] AB02000DIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord! In this Most Great Dispensation Thou dost accept the intercession of children in behalf of their parents.  This is one of the special infinite bestowals of this Dispensation.  Therefore, O Thou kind Lord, accept the request of this Thy servant at the threshold of Thy singleness and submerge his father in the ocean of Thy grace, because this son hath arisen to render Thee service and is exerting effort at all times in the pathway of Thy love.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, the Forgiver and the Kind!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[762] Prayer UUID: 44b6ec2a-9166-456b-a031-dd7bd5966b89

FULL TEXT (mt):
주님의 종들을, 저희들에게

하느님, 주께서 인류에게 사랑을 현시해 주셨사오니 주님께 영광올려지이다! 저희들의 생명이시고 빛이신 분이시여, 주님의 종들을 주님의 길에서 인도하여 주시옵고, 저희로 하여 금 주님 안에서 부하게 해 주시오며 주님 밖의 모든 것으로부터 자유롭게 해 주소서. 하느님, 저희들에게 주님의 일체성을 가르쳐 주시옵고 주님의 단일성을 알게 해 주시와, 저희가 주님 밖에는 아무도 보지 않게 해 주소서. 주님은 자비로우신 분이시옵고 은혜를 내려주시는 분이시옵나이다!
하느님, 주님의 연인들의 가슴 속에 주님의 사랑의 불을 지펴 주시와 그 불이 주님 외의 모든 것에 대한 생각을 태워버리게 하소서. 하느님 저희들에게 주님의 고귀한 영원을 계시해 주소서. 주께서 항상 계셔왔고, 항상 계실 것 임을, 그리고 주님 밖에 다른 하느님이 없음을 계시해 주소서. 진실로 주님 안에서 저희들은 위안과 힘을 찾을 것이옵나이다.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (29 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [3] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

  [4] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [5] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [6] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [7] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [8] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [9] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [10] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [11] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [12] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [13] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [14] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [15] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [16] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [17] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [18] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [19] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [20] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [21] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [22] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [23] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [24] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [25] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [26] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [27] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [28] AB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Grant Thy favour, and bestow Thy blessing.  Vouchsafe Thy grace, and give a portion of Thy bounty.  Enable these men to witness during this year the fulfilment of their hopes.
      Last:  Send down Thy heavenly rain, and provide Thy plenteousness and abundance.  Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty.

  [29] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[763] Prayer UUID: 457a6e49-02a1-4111-92bf-b41c0e1bf096

FULL TEXT (mt):
Ω Θεέ, ω Εσύ που έχεις απονείµει το µεγαλείο Σου πάνω στις φωτοβόλες πραγµατικότητες των ανθρώπων, διαχέοντας πάνω σ’ αυτούς τα περίλαµπρα φώτα της γνώσης και καθοδήγησης, και τους έχεις επιλέξει από όλα τα δηµιουργήµατα γι’ αυτή την ουράνια χάρη, και τους έκανες να περικλείουν όλα τα πράγµατα, να κατανοούν την ενδότερή τους ουσία, και να αποκαλύπτουν τα µυστήριά τους, βγάζοντάς τους από το σκοτάδι στον ορατό κόσµο! «Αυτός αληθινά δείχνει την ξεχωριστή Του ευσπλαχνία σε όποιον θέλει.»1 Ω Κύριε, βοήθησε τους αγαπηµένους Σου να αποκτήσουν γνώση, επιστήµες και τέχνες και να αποκαλύψουν τα µυστικά που είναι κρυµµένα στην εσώτατη πραγµατικότητα όλων των δηµιουργηµάτων. Κάνε τους να ακούσουν τις κρυµµένες αλήθειες που είναι γραµµένες και εµπεδωµένες στην καρδιά όλων όσων υπάρχουν. Κάνε τους να γίνουν σύµβολα καθοδήγησης ανάµεσα σε όλα τα δηµιουργήµατα και διεισδυτικές ακτίνες του νου που σκορπίζουν το φως τους σ’ αυτή την «πρώτη ζωή». 2 Κάνε τους να είναι οδηγοί προς Εσένα, συνοδοί στο µονοπάτι Σου, δροµείς που παρακινούν τους ανθρώπους στη Βασιλεία Σου.

Εσύ είσαι αληθινά, ο ∆υνατός, ο Προστάτης, ο Ικανός, ο Υπερασπιστής, ο Ισχυρός, ο Πλέον Γενναιόδωρος.

1 Κοράνι 51:56

2 Κοράνι, 55:19-22

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Grant Thy favour, and bestow Thy blessing.  Vouchsafe Thy grace, and give a portion of Thy bounty.  Enable these men to witness during this year the fulfilment of their hopes.
      Last:  Send down Thy heavenly rain, and provide Thy plenteousness and abundance.  Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty.

  [2] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[764] Prayer UUID: 4827d578480d

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00623 (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Is there any Remover of difficulties save God?  Say: Praised be God! He is God!  All are His servants, and all abide by His bidding!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[766] Prayer UUID: 4d174f6409d6

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00949WIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  Graciously bestow a pair of heavenly wings unto each of these fledglings, and give them spiritual power that they may wing their flight through this limitless space and may soar to the heights of the Abhá Kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful; Thou art the Bestower and the All-Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[767] Prayer UUID: 50597996-cc95-4ed1-91bf-5f2fa6668878

FULL TEXT (mt):
O God, mijn God! Gij zijt mijn hoop en mijn geliefde, mijn hoogste doel en verlangen! Met grote nederigheid en algehele toewijding smeek ik U mij tot een minaret van Uw liefde in Uw gebied te maken, een lamp van Uw kennis onder Uw schepselen en een vaandel van goddelijke milddadigheid in Uw koninkrijk.
Reken mij tot diegenen onder Uw dienaren die zich hebben onthecht van alles buiten U, zich hebben gelouterd van de vergankelijkheden van deze wereld en zich hebben verlost van de influisteringen van hen die waanideeën verkondigen.
Laat mijn hart overvloeien van vreugde door de geest van bekrachtiging uit Uw koninkrijk en verlicht mijn ogen met het aanschouwen van de legers van goddelijke bijstand die achtereenvolgens op mij neerdalen uit het koninkrijk van Uw alvermogende glorie.
Gij zijt in waarheid de Almachtige, de Alglorierijke, de Almogende.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (15 options):

  [1] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [2] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

  [3] BH08824 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified, O Lord my God, be Thy Name, whereby the trees of the garden of Thy Revelation have been clad with verdure, and been made to yield the fruits of holiness during this Springtime when the sweet savors of Thy favors and blessings have been wafted over all things, and caused them to bring forth whatsoever had been preordained for them in the Kingdom of Thine irrevocable decree and the Heaven of Thine immutable purpose. I beseech Thee by this very Name not to suffer me to be far from the court of Thy holiness, nor debarred from the exalted sanctuary of Thy unity and oneness.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XCVI

  [4] AB00156LOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest me, O my God, bowed down in lowliness, humbling myself before Thy commandments, submitting to Thy sovereignty, trembling at the might of Thy dominion, fleeing from Thy wrath, entreating Thy grace, relying upon Thy forgiveness, shaking with awe at Thy fury.  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart, with streaming tears and a yearning soul, and in complete detachment from all things, to make Thy lovers as rays of light across Thy realms, and to aid Thy chosen servants to exalt Thy Word, that their faces may turn beauteous and bright with splendor, that their hearts may be filled with mysteries, and that every soul may lay down its burden of sin.  Guard them then from the aggressor, from him who hath become a shameless and blasphemous doer of wrong.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art He of abounding grace.  There is none other God save Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Ever-Bestowing.

  [5] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [6] BH00593 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God our Lord!  Protect us through Thy grace from whatsoever may be repugnant unto Thee, and vouchsafe unto us that which well beseemeth Thee.  Give us more out of Thy bounty, and bless us.  Pardon us for the things we have done, and wash away our sins, and forgive us with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Most Exalted, the Self-Subsisting.
      Last:  Thou art the Sovereign Ruler, the Mighty Doer, the Exalted, the All-Loving.

  [7] BH02848 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God and my Master!  I am Thy servant and the son of Thy servant. I have risen from my couch at this dawntide when the Daystar of Thy oneness hath shone forth from the Dayspring of Thy will, and hath shed its radiance upon the whole world, according to what had been ordained in the Books of Thy Decree.
      Last:  Thou art, truly, the Lord and King of all men, and art potent over all things.

  [8] BH03629GRI (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Dispel my grief by Thy bounty and Thy generosity, O God, my God, and banish mine anguish through Thy sovereignty and Thy might.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face set towards Thee at a time when sorrows have compassed me on every side.  I implore Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all being, and overshadowest all things visible and invisible, by Thy Name whereby Thou hast subdued the hearts and the souls of men, and by the billows of the Ocean of Thy mercy and the splendors of the Daystar of Thy bounty, to number me with them whom nothing whatsoever hath deterred from setting their faces toward Thee, O Thou Lord of all names and Maker of the heavens!
      Last:  And, finally, I beg of Thee by the light of Thy countenance to bless my affairs, and redeem my debts, and satisfy my needs.  Thou art He to Whose power and to Whose dominion every tongue hath testified, and Whose majesty and Whose sovereignty every understanding heart hath acknowledged.  No God is there but Thee, Who hearest and art ready to answer.

  [9] BH07683 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O King of eternity, and the Maker of nations, and the Fashioner of every moldering bone!  I pray Thee, by Thy Name through which Thou didst call all mankind unto the horizon of Thy majesty and glory, and didst guide Thy servants to the court of Thy grace and favors, to number me with such as have rid themselves from everything except Thyself, and have set themselves towards Thee, and have not been kept back by such misfortunes as were decreed by Thee, from turning in the direction of Thy gifts.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

  [10] BH09289 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me, O my God, to draw nigh unto Thee, and to abide within the precincts of Thy court, for remoteness from Thee hath well-nigh consumed me.  Cause me to rest under the shadow of the wings of Thy grace, for the flame of my separation from Thee hath melted my heart within me.  Draw me nearer unto the river that is life indeed, for my soul burneth with thirst in its ceaseless search after Thee.  My sighs, O my God, proclaim the bitterness of mine anguish, and the tears I shed attest my love for Thee.
      Last:  Glorified be Thy name, O Thou Who art the King of all Kings!

  [11] AB00553 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Fill up for me the cup of detachment from all things, and in the assembly of Thy splendors and bestowals, rejoice me with the wine of loving Thee.  Free me from the assaults of passion and desire, break off from me the shackles of this nether world, draw me with rapture unto Thy supernal realm, and refresh me amongst the handmaids with the breathing of Thy holiness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Powerful, the Ever-Giving, the Able, the Omnipotent.

  [12] BH07721 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou didst lift up the ensigns of Thy guidance, and didst shed the radiance of Thy loving-kindness, and didst reveal the sovereignty of Thy Lordship; through which the lamp of Thy names hath appeared within the niche of Thine attributes, and He Who is the Tabernacle of Thy unity and the Manifestation of detachment hath shone forth; through which the ways of Thy guidance were made known, and the paths of Thy good pleasure were marked out; through which the foundations of error have been made to tremble, and the signs of wickedness have been abolished; through which the fountains of wisdom have burst forth, and the heavenly table hath been sent down; through which Thou didst preserve Thy servants and didst vouchsafe Thy healing; through which Thou didst show forth Thy tender mercies unto Thy servants and revealedst Thy forgiveness amidst Thy creatures—I implore Thee to keep safe him who hath held fast and returned unto Thee, and clung to Thy mercy, and seized the hem of Thy loving providence.  Send down, then, upon him Thy healing, and make him whole, and endue him with a constancy vouchsafed by Thee, and a tranquillity bestowed by Thy highness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Healer, the Preserver, the Helper, the Almighty, the Powerful, the All-Glorious, the All-Knowing.

  [13] AB10685 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou most glorious Lord!  Make this little maidservant of Thine blessed and happy; cause her to be cherished at the threshold of Thy oneness, and let her drink deep from the cup of Thy love so that she may be filled with rapture and ecstasy and diffuse sweet-scented fragrance.  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

  [14] BH09162 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Whose face is the object of the adoration of all that yearn after Thee, Whose presence is the hope of such as are wholly devoted to Thy will, Whose nearness is the desire of all that have drawn nigh unto Thy court, Whose countenance is the companion of those who have recognized Thy truth, Whose name is the mover of the souls that long to behold Thy face, Whose voice is the true life of Thy lovers, the words of Whose mouth are as the waters of life unto all who are in heaven and on earth!
      Last:  No God is there beside Thee, the Mighty, the Ever-Abiding, the All-Bounteous, the Most Generous.

  [15] BB00543VIC (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Render victorious Thy forbearing servants in Thy days by granting them a befitting victory, inasmuch as they have sought martyrdom in Thy path.  Send down upon them that which will bring comfort to their minds, will rejoice their inner beings, will impart assurance to their hearts and tranquillity to their bodies and will enable their souls to ascend to the presence of God, the Most Exalted, and to attain the supreme Paradise and such retreats of glory as Thou hast destined for men of true knowledge and virtue.  Verily, Thou knowest all things, while we are but Thy servants, Thy thralls, Thy bondsmen and Thy poor ones.  No Lord but Thee do we invoke, O God our Lord, nor do we implore blessings or grace from anyone but Thee, O Thou Who art the God of mercy unto this world and the next.  We are but the embodiments of poverty, of nothingness, of helplessness and of perdition, while Thy whole Being betokeneth wealth, independence, glory, majesty and boundless grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art our Lord and the Lord of all things.  Into Thy hands do we surrender ourselves, yearning for the things that pertain unto Thee.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[769] Prayer UUID: 51dbaf25-f2a8-449b-a751-aa626efa02e2

FULL TEXT (mt):
∆οξασµένο είναι το Όνοµά Σου, Ω Κύριε Θεέ µας! Εσύ είσαι αληθινά ο Γνώστης αόρατων πραγµάτων. Όρισε για µας τέτοιο καλό που η γνώση Σου, που αγκαλιάζει τα πάντα, µπορεί να εκτιµήσει. Εσύ είσαι ο απόλυτος Κύριος, ο Παντοδύναµος, ο Πολυαγαπηµένος.

Κάθε έπαινος ανήκει σε Σένα, ω Κύριε! Θα επιζητήσουµε τη χάρη Σου την καθορισµένη Μέρα και θα θέσουµε όλη µας την εµπιστοσύνη σε Σένα, ο Οποίος είσαι ο Κύριός µας. ∆οξασµένος είσαι Συ, ω Θεέ! Χορήγησέ µας εκείνο που είναι καλό και κόσµιο, ώστε να µπορούµε να απαλλαγούµε απ’ όλα εκτός από Σένα. Αληθινά, Εσύ είσαι ο Κύριος όλων των κόσµων.

Ω Θεέ! Αντάµειψε αυτούς που υποµένουν καρτερικά στις ηµέρες Σου και δυνάµωσε τις καρδιές τους, ώστε να βαδίζουν σταθερά στο µονοπάτι της Αλήθειας. Χορήγησέ τους επιπλέον, ω Κύριε, τέτοια θελκτικά δώρα που θα τους κάνουν ικανούς να κερδίσουν την είσοδο στον ευλογηµένο Σου Παράδεισο. Εξυψωµένος είσαι Εσύ, ω Κύριε Θεέ. Άφησε τις ουράνιες ευλογίες Σου να κατέλθουν στις οικίες των οποίων οι κάτοικοι έχουν πιστέψει σε Σένα. Αληθινά, ανυπέρβλητος είσαι Συ στο να στέλνεις θείες ευλογίες. Στείλε, ω Θεέ, τέτοια ουράνια πλήθη που θα καταστήσουν τους πιστούς Σου υπηρέτες νικηφόρους. Εσύ έπλασες τα δηµιουργήµατα µε την ισχύ του θεσπίσµατός Σου όπως Σε ευχαριστεί. Εσύ είσαι αληθινά ο Ηγεµόνας, ο ∆ηµιουργός, ο Πάνσοφος.

Λέγε: Ο Θεός είναι πραγµατικά ο Πλάστης όλων των πραγµάτων. Αυτός δίδει πλουσιοπάροχη στήριξη σε όποιον επιθυµεί. Αυτός είναι ο ∆ηµιουργός, η Πηγή όλων των υπάρξεων, ο ∆ιαµορφωτής, ο Παντοδύναµος, ο Πλάστης, ο Πάνσοφος. Αυτός είναι ο Φέρων τους πιο έξοχους τίτλους σ’ όλους τους ουρανούς και τη γη, και σε ό, τι βρίσκεται ανάµεσά τους. Όλοι εκτελούν τις εντολές Του, όλοι οι κάτοικοι της γης και του ουρανού εορτάζουν τη δόξα Του και όλοι σ’ Αυτόν θα επιστρέψουν.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[770] Prayer UUID: 53059d9a4b41

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[772] Prayer UUID: 540e74c1-bb6f-408c-8bdc-bf3c05f0f0f1

FULL TEXT (mt):
О Ти, добрий Господи! Сі милі діти – творіння перстів могутності Твоєї і дивні знамення Твоєї величі. О Боже! Захищай сих дітей, милостиво помагай їм здобувати освіту і сподоби їх присвятити себе служінню світу людей. О Боже! Діти сі – перли, дай змогу їм бути виплеканими в мушлі Твоєї ніжної ласки.

Ти Щедрий, Вселюблячий.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [2] AB04004BAB (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O God! Rear this little babe in the bosom of Thy love, and give it milk from the breast of Thy Providence. Cultivate this fresh plant in the rose garden of Thy love and aid it to grow through the showers of Thy bounty. Make it a child of the kingdom, and lead it to Thy heavenly realm. Thou art powerful and kind, and Thou art the Bestower, the Generous, the Lord of surpassing bounty.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[774] Prayer UUID: 54754fd6-e9ff-40a2-a4b9-406ee717c648

FULL TEXT (mt):
О Боже, мій Боже! Посприяй вірним слугам Твоїм здобути люблячі й добрі серця. Помагай їм поширювати, серед усіх народів на землі, світло проводу, що походить з Вишнього Зібрання. Ти, воістину, Дужий, Сильний, Могутній, Всепідкоряючий, Вседаруючий. Воістину, Ти Великодушний, Лагідний, Прещедрий.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (20 options):

  [1] AB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Grant Thy favour, and bestow Thy blessing.  Vouchsafe Thy grace, and give a portion of Thy bounty.  Enable these men to witness during this year the fulfilment of their hopes.
      Last:  Send down Thy heavenly rain, and provide Thy plenteousness and abundance.  Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty.

  [2] BB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

  [3] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [4] AB00073SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! We are servants of Thy Threshold, taking shelter at Thy holy Door. We seek no refuge save only this strong pillar, turn nowhere for a haven but unto Thy safekeeping. Protect us, bless us, support us, make us such that we shall love but Thy good pleasure, utter only Thy praise, follow only the pathway of truth, that we may become rich enough to dispense with all save Thee, and receive our gifts from the sea of Thy beneficence, that we may ever strive to exalt Thy Cause and to spread Thy sweet savors far and wide, that we may become oblivious of self and occupied only with Thee, and disown all else and be caught up in Thee.
      Last:  O Thou Provider, O Thou Forgiver! Grant us Thy grace and loving-kindness, Thy gifts and Thy bestowals, and sustain us, that we may attain our goal. Thou art the Powerful, the Able, the Knower, the Seer; and, verily, Thou art the Generous, and, verily, Thou art the All-Merciful, and, verily, Thou art the Ever-Forgiving, He to Whom repentance is due, He Who forgiveth even the most grievous of sins.

  [5] ABU0070GAT (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These are Thy servants who have gathered in this meeting, have turned unto Thy kingdom and are in need of Thy bestowal and blessing. O Thou God! Manifest and make evident the signs of Thy oneness which have been deposited in all the realities of life. Reveal and unfold the virtues which Thou hast made latent and concealed in these human realities.
      Last:  Thou art mighty. Thou art powerful. Thou art the Giver, and Thou art the Ever-Bounteous.

  [6] ABU0394GAT (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  This gathering is turning to Thee.  These hearts are radiant with Thy love.  These minds and spirits are exhilarated by the message of Thy glad-tidings.  O God!  Let this American democracy become glorious in spiritual degrees even as it has aspired to material degrees, and render this just government victorious.  Confirm this revered nation to upraise the standard of the oneness of humanity, to promulgate the Most Great Peace, to become thereby most glorious and praiseworthy among all the nations of the world.  O God! This American nation is worthy of Thy favors and is deserving of Thy mercy.  Make it precious and near to Thee through Thy bounty and bestowal.

  [7] ABU0030SHE (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou forgiving Lord!  Thou art the shelter of all these Thy servants.  Thou knowest the secrets and art aware of all things.  We are all helpless, and Thou art the Mighty, the Omnipotent.  We are all sinners, and Thou art the Forgiver of sins, the Merciful, the Compassionate.  O Lord!  Look not at our shortcomings.  Deal with us according to Thy grace and bounty.  Our shortcomings are many, but the ocean of Thy forgiveness is boundless.  Our weakness is grievous, but the evidences of Thine aid and assistance are clear.  Therefore, confirm and strengthen us.  Enable us to do that which is worthy of Thy holy Threshold.  Illumine our hearts, grant us discerning eyes and attentive ears.  Resuscitate the dead and heal the sick.  Bestow wealth upon the poor and give peace and security to the fearful. Accept us in Thy kingdom and illumine us with the light of guidance. Thou art the Powerful and the Omnipotent.  Thou art the Generous. Thou art the Clement.  Thou art the Kind.

  [8] ABU0268AME (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  This gathering is turning to Thee.  These hearts are radiant with Thy love.  These minds and spirits are exhilarated by the message of Thy glad-tidings.  O God!  Let this American democracy become glorious in spiritual degrees even as it has aspired to material degrees, and render this just government victorious.  Confirm this revered nation to upraise the standard of the oneness of humanity, to promulgate the Most Great Peace, to become thereby most glorious and praiseworthy among all the nations of the world.  O God! This American nation is worthy of Thy favors and is deserving of Thy mercy.  Make it precious and near to Thee through Thy bounty and bestowal.

  [9] BH00438 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: My God, my Adored One, my King, my Desire!  What tongue can voice my thanks to Thee?  I was heedless, Thou didst awaken me.  I had turned back from Thee, Thou didst graciously aid me to turn towards Thee.  I was as one dead, Thou didst quicken me with the water of life.  I was withered, Thou didst revive me with the heavenly stream of Thine utterance which hath flowed forth from the Pen of the All-Merciful.
      Last:  O Divine Providence!  All existence is begotten by Thy bounty; deprive it not of the waters of Thy generosity, neither do Thou withhold it from the ocean of Thy mercy.  I beseech Thee to aid and assist me at all times and under all conditions, and seek from the heaven of Thy grace Thine ancient favor.  Thou art, in truth, the Lord of bounty, and the Sovereign of the kingdom of eternity.

  [10] AB00362LOV (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Illumine the brows of Thy true lovers, and support them with angelic hosts of certain triumph.  Set firm their feet on Thy straight path, and out of Thine ancient bounty open before them the portals of Thy blessings; for they are expending on Thy pathway what Thou hast bestowed upon them, safeguarding Thy Faith, putting their trust in their remembrance of Thee, offering up their hearts for love of Thee, and withholding not what they possess in adoration for Thy Beauty and in their search for ways to please Thee.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Sustainer, the Helper, the Generous, the Bountiful, the Ever-Bestowing.

  [11] AB00044PRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Provider! Thou hast breathed over the friends in the West the sweet fragrance of the Holy Spirit, and with the light of divine guidance Thou hast lit up the western sky. Thou hast made those who were once remote to draw near unto Thyself; Thou hast turned strangers into loving friends; Thou hast awakened those who slept; Thou hast made the heedless mindful.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful, and Thou art the God of strength, the Omnipotent, the All-Seeing.

  [12] BB00005ALL (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

  [13] ABU0095KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou forgiving God! These servants are turning to Thy kingdom and seeking Thy grace and bounty. O God! Make their hearts good and pure in order that they may become worthy of Thy love. Purify and sanctify the spirits that the light of the Sun of Reality may shine upon them. Purify and sanctify the eyes that they may perceive Thy light. Purify and sanctify the ears in order that they may hear the call of Thy kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Powerful the Omnipotent, the Merciful, and Thou art the Generous, the Beneficent, the Lord of grace abounding.

  [14] BH00009AWA (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I give praise to Thee, O my God, that Thou hast awakened me out of my sleep, and brought me forth after my disappearance, and raised me up from my slumber.  I have wakened this morning with my face set toward the splendors of the Daystar of thy Revelation, through Which the heavens of Thy power and Thy majesty have been illumined, acknowledging Thy signs, believing in Thy Book, and holding fast unto Thy Cord.
      Last:  Thou disappointest no one who hath sought Thee, nor dost Thou keep back from Thee anyone who hath desired Thee.  Ordain Thou for me what becometh the heaven of Thy generosity, and the ocean of Thy bounty. Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [15] BH00634 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be unto Thee, O Lord.  Forgive us our sins, have mercy upon us and enable us to return unto Thee.  Suffer us not to rely on aught else besides Thee, and vouchsafe unto us, through Thy bounty, that which Thou lovest and desirest and well beseemeth Thee.  Exalt the station of them that have truly believed, and forgive them with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [16] ABU0023UNI (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Verily, I invoke Thee and supplicate before Thy threshold, asking Thee that all Thy mercies may descend upon these souls.  Specialize them for Thy favor and Thy truth.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Almighty, the Self-Subsistent, the Giver, the Forgiving, the Pardoner, the Omniscient, the One Creator.

  [17] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [18] AB00209UND (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Every soul who travels through the cities, villages and hamlets of these States and is engaged in the diffusion of the fragrances of God, should peruse this commune every morning:
      Last:  Thou art the Omnipotent and the Doer of whatsoever Thou willest.

  [19] AB00001SHI (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O God, my God!  Shield Thy trusted servants from the evils of self and passion, protect them with the watchful eye of Thy loving-kindness from all rancor, hate and envy, shelter them in the impregnable stronghold of Thy care and, safe from the darts of doubtfulness, make them the manifestations of Thy glorious signs, illumine their faces with the effulgent rays shed from the Dayspring of Thy divine unity, gladden their hearts with the verses revealed from Thy holy kingdom, strengthen their loins by Thine all-swaying power that cometh from Thy realm of glory.  Thou art the All-Bountiful, the Protector, the Almighty, the Gracious.

  [20] AB00189AID (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O God, my God!  Aid Thou Thy trusted servants to have loving and tender hearts.  Help them to spread, amongst all the nations of the earth, the light of guidance that cometh from the Company on high. Verily, Thou art the Strong, the Powerful, the Mighty, the All-Subduing, the Ever-Giving.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Gentle, the Tender, the Most Bountiful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[775] Prayer UUID: 55122b87-b3c1-4239-b43b-dcd129d7b233

FULL TEXT (mt):
O Alla! Aħji u ferraħ l-ispirtu tiegħi. Saffili qalbi. Dawwal setgħati. Jien inħalli affarijieti kollha f”idejK. Int il-Mexxej tiegħi u l-Kenn tiegħi. Jien ma nkunx aktar imnikket u kiebi; jien inkun ħlejqa hienja u ferħana. O Alla! Jien qatt ma nkun aktar mgħobbi bl-inkwiet, la nħalli l-għawġ iħabbatni. Jien ma mmaħħaħx fuq il-ħwejjeġ korob tal-ħajja. 

O Alla! Int ħabib tiegħi aktar milli jien ħabib tiegħi innifsi. Jien niddedika lili nnifsi lileK, O Sid.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[776] Prayer UUID: 55fabe7bedd1

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB02326 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  O Lord, my God! Lowly are these servants of Thine, exalt them in Thy kingdom on high; feeble, strengthen them by Thy supreme power; abased, bestow upon them Thy glory in Thine all-highest realm; poor, enrich them in Thy great dominion. Do Thou then ordain for them all the good Thou hast destined in Thy worlds, visible and invisible, prosper them in this world below, gladden their hearts with Thine inspiration, O Lord of all beings! Illumine their hearts with Thy joyful tidings diffused from Thine all-glorious Station, make firm their steps in Thy Most-Great Covenant and strengthen their loins in Thy firm Testament, by Thy bounty and promised grace, O Gracious and Merciful One! Thou art, verily, the Gracious, the All-Bountiful.

  [2] AB02596 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my Lord!  O my Lord!  These two bright orbs are wedded in Thy love, conjoined in servitude to Thy Holy Threshold, united in ministering to thy Cause.  Make Thou this marriage to be as threading lights of Thine abounding grace, O my Lord, the All-Merciful, and luminous rays of Thy bestowals, O Thou the Beneficent, the Ever-Giving, that there may branch out from this great tree boughs that will grow green and flourishing through the gifts that rain down from Thy clouds of grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous.  Verily, Thou art the Compassionate, the All-Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[777] Prayer UUID: 5915f3bc66b8

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00623 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Is there any Remover of difficulties save God?  Say: Praised be God! He is God!  All are His servants, and all abide by His bidding!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[778] Prayer UUID: 5b35aedc-45ec-4c48-900b-fc7a1ae4c85e

FULL TEXT (mt):
O Sid! Ħalli lill-ġnus kollha tad-dinja jiksbu d-dħul fil-Ġenna tal-Fidi tiegħeK, biex l-ebda maħluq ma jibqa’ lil hinn mill-fruntieri tal-għoġba-tajba tiegħeK.

Sa miż-żmien lil hinn mill-fakra Int kont setgħan li tagħmel dak li jogħġboK u tisboq kulma Int tixtieq.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] BB00002ENA (Confidence: %!d(float64=42)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord!  Enable all the peoples of the earth to gain admittance into the Paradise of Thy Faith, so that no created being may remain beyond the bounds of Thy good-pleasure.
      Last:  From time immemorial Thou hast been potent to do what pleaseth Thee and transcendent above whatsoever Thou desirest.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[779] Prayer UUID: 5fd65831-5f6a-4d03-be00-3e01c8487f1b

FULL TEXT (mt):
O Hear, myn God! Help Jo leafsten sterk te stean yn Jo Leauwe, Jo wegen te bewanneljen en stânfêstich te wêzen yn Jo Saak.
Jou harren Jo genede, om de oanfallen fan selssucht en begearte te wjerstean en it ljocht fan godlike Lieding te folgjen.
Jo binne de Krêftige, de Genedige, de Troch-Himsels-Besteande, de Skinker, de Meilydsume, de Almachtige, de Alfoldiedige.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] AB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Grant Thy favour, and bestow Thy blessing.  Vouchsafe Thy grace, and give a portion of Thy bounty.  Enable these men to witness during this year the fulfilment of their hopes.
      Last:  Send down Thy heavenly rain, and provide Thy plenteousness and abundance.  Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty.

  [2] BB00001ENA (Confidence: %!d(float64=32)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

  [3] BB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[780] Prayer UUID: 6125a33c-f626-4fb4-8f8e-8a306d91db5b
Name: Short Obligatory Prayer

FULL TEXT (mt):
*(Творыцца штосуткі паміж поўднем і захадам сонца)
Я сведчу, о мой Божа, што Ты стварыў мяне, каб я спазнаў Цябе і пакланяўся Табе. Сведчу ў гэты час пра немач сваю і Тваю моц, пра беднасць сваю і Тваё багацце.
Няма іншага Бога, акрамя Цябе, Памочніка ў небяспецы, Самаіснага.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00623 (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Is there any Remover of difficulties save God?  Say: Praised be God! He is God!  All are His servants, and all abide by His bidding!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[781] Prayer UUID: 61cbcf23-8422-46c3-bd5d-a986b9aa68c3

FULL TEXT (mt):
O Alla tiegħi! Dan huwa l-qaddej tiegħeK u iben il-qaddej tiegħeK li kien emmen fiK u fl-egħliem tiegħeK, u dawwar wiċċu lejK, maqtugħ għal kollox minn kollox barra minneK. Inti, fis-sewwa, minn dawk li juru ħniena l-aktar ħanin. 

Imxi miegħu, O Int Li taħfer dnubiet il-bnedmin u taħbi nuqqasijiethom, kif jidhrilhom is-sema ta’ tjubiteK u l-oċejan tal-grazzja tiegħeK. Ħallih jidhol ’il ġewwa minn truf il-ħniena tiegħeK tisboq kollox li kienet qabel issawru l-art u s-sema. M’hemmx Alla għajreK, li Jaħfer-Dejjiem, l-Aktar Ġeneruż.

* Igħid, imbagħad, għal sitt darbiet il-tislima “Alláh-u-Abhá” u mbagħad igħid għal dsatax-il darba kull wieħed minn dawn il-versi:

Aħna lkoll, fis-sew, inqimu lil Alla. 
Aħna lkoll, fis-sew, nitbaxxew quddiem Alla.
Aħna lkoll, fis-sew, devoti lejn Alla.
Aħna lkoll, fis-sew, nagħtu tifħir lil Alla.
Aħna lkoll, fis-sew, niżżu ħajr lil Alla.
Aħna lkoll, fis-sew, nistabru f’Alla.

*(Jekk il-mejta hi mara, igħid: Din hija il-qaddejja tiegħek u bint il-qaddejja tiegħek, eċċ...)

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH01888 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: These are, O my God, the days whereon Thou didst enjoin Thy servants to observe the Fast.  With it Thou didst adorn the preamble of the Book of Thy Laws revealed unto Thy creatures, and didst deck forth the Repositories of Thy commandments in the sight of all who are in Thy heaven and all who are on Thy earth.  Thou hast endowed every hour of these days with a special virtue, inscrutable to all except Thee, Whose knowledge embraceth all created things.  Thou hast, also, assigned unto every soul a portion of this virtue in accordance with the Tablet of Thy decree and the Scriptures of Thine irrevocable judgment.  Every leaf of these Books and Scriptures Thou hast, moreover, alloted to each one of the peoples and kindreds of the earth.
      Last:  Render Thy Cause victorious, O my Lord, and abase Thou Thine enemies. Write down, then, for us the good of this life and of the life to come.  Thou art the Truth, Who knoweth the secret things.  No God is there but Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Bountiful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[785] Prayer UUID: 6a20a9ec0722

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00204PIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou divine Providence, pitiful are we, grant us Thy succour; homeless wanderers, give us Thy shelter; scattered, do Thou unite us; astray, gather us to Thy fold; bereft, do Thou bestow upon us a share and portion; athirst, lead us to the well-spring of Life; frail, strengthen us that we may arise to help Thy Cause and offer ourselves as a living sacrifice in the pathway of guidance.
      Last:  * Selections from the Writings, p. 315.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[788] Prayer UUID: 7009d8063b6b

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (5 options):

  [1] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [2] AB00189AID (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Aid Thou Thy trusted servants to have loving and tender hearts.  Help them to spread, amongst all the nations of the earth, the light of guidance that cometh from the Company on high. Verily, Thou art the Strong, the Powerful, the Mighty, the All-Subduing, the Ever-Giving.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Gentle, the Tender, the Most Bountiful.

  [3] AB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Grant Thy favour, and bestow Thy blessing.  Vouchsafe Thy grace, and give a portion of Thy bounty.  Enable these men to witness during this year the fulfilment of their hopes.
      Last:  Send down Thy heavenly rain, and provide Thy plenteousness and abundance.  Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty.

  [4] BB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

  [5] BB00018ADJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I adjure Thee by Thy might, O my God!  Let no harm beset me in times of tests, and in moments of heedlessness guide my steps aright through Thine inspiration.  Thou art God, potent art Thou to do what Thou desirest. No one can withstand Thy Will or thwart Thy Purpose.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[790] Prayer UUID: 77391c3a-2b35-4f22-802f-85ac237800a1

FULL TEXT (mt):
## ORUP OTUA U’URA MUGAWA
* Children

Maman!  Tamanam nimanek, kwayup tanek, dun mine wat ganatam nimanek amba buwanae ganase mine tap.  Ge aro amba Ge amun.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=20)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[791] Prayer UUID: 7749d7939342

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00623 (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Is there any Remover of difficulties save God?  Say: Praised be God! He is God!  All are His servants, and all abide by His bidding!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[794] Prayer UUID: 79828127-8783-4e60-8114-5af862ef773e

FULL TEXT (mt):
O Inti Sid twajjeb! Int ħloqt il-bnedmin kollha mill-istess fergħa. Inti amart li lkoll għandhom ikunu tal-istess dar. Fil-Preżenza Mqaddsa tiegħeK huma lkoll il-qaddejja tiegħeK, u l-bnedmin kollha mkenna taħt it-Tabernaklu tiegħeK; ilkoll inġabru madwar il-Mejda tat-Tjubija tiegħeK; ilkoll imdawlin bid-dawk tal-Providenza tiegħeK.

O Alla! Inti ħanin ma’ kulħadd, Int ipprovdejt għal kulħadd, tkennen lil kulħadd, troxx il-ħajja fuq kulħadd. Inti żejjint lil kull wieħed u lil kollha bid-doni u l-ħila, u lkoll huma mgħaddsin fl-Oċejan tal-Ħniena tiegħeK.

O Inti Sid twajjeb! Għaqqad lil kulħadd. Agħmel li reliġjon taqbel ma’ oħra u agħmel in-nazzjonijiet wieħed, sabiex  jaraw lil xulxin bħala familja waħda u d-dinja kollha bħala dar waħda. Jalla jgħixu ikoll flimkien f’armonija sħiħa.

O Alla! Erfa’ ’l fuq il-bandiera ta’ waħdan il-bnedmin.
O Alla! Qiegħed fis-sod l-Akbar Sliem.
Kaħħal Int, O Alla, il-qlub flimkien.

O Int Missier twajjeb, Alla! Ferraħ lil qlubna bil-fwieħa tal-imħabba tiegħeK. Dawwal  għajnejna bid-Dwal tat-Tmexxija tiegħeK. Għaxxaq widnejna bil-għanja tal-Kelma tiegħeK, u kenninna lkoll fil-Fortizza tal-Providenza tiegħek.

Int is-Setgħan u l-Qawwi, Int Dak li Jaħfer u Inti Dak li jagħlaq għajnejĦ għan-nuqqasijiet tal-bnedmin kollha.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (39 options):

  [1] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [2] ABU0070GAT (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These are Thy servants who have gathered in this meeting, have turned unto Thy kingdom and are in need of Thy bestowal and blessing. O Thou God! Manifest and make evident the signs of Thy oneness which have been deposited in all the realities of life. Reveal and unfold the virtues which Thou hast made latent and concealed in these human realities.
      Last:  Thou art mighty. Thou art powerful. Thou art the Giver, and Thou art the Ever-Bounteous.

  [3] AB00073SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! We are servants of Thy Threshold, taking shelter at Thy holy Door. We seek no refuge save only this strong pillar, turn nowhere for a haven but unto Thy safekeeping. Protect us, bless us, support us, make us such that we shall love but Thy good pleasure, utter only Thy praise, follow only the pathway of truth, that we may become rich enough to dispense with all save Thee, and receive our gifts from the sea of Thy beneficence, that we may ever strive to exalt Thy Cause and to spread Thy sweet savors far and wide, that we may become oblivious of self and occupied only with Thee, and disown all else and be caught up in Thee.
      Last:  O Thou Provider, O Thou Forgiver! Grant us Thy grace and loving-kindness, Thy gifts and Thy bestowals, and sustain us, that we may attain our goal. Thou art the Powerful, the Able, the Knower, the Seer; and, verily, Thou art the Generous, and, verily, Thou art the All-Merciful, and, verily, Thou art the Ever-Forgiving, He to Whom repentance is due, He Who forgiveth even the most grievous of sins.

  [4] BB00004REN (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord, Thou Who hast brought into being all created things, through the power of Thy behest.
      Last:  Grant Thou, O Lord, that their hearts may, through allegiance to this, Thine inviolable Faith, grow stronger than anything else in the heavens and on earth and in whatsoever is between them; and strengthen, O Lord, their hands with the tokens of Thy wondrous power that they may manifest Thy power before the gaze of all mankind.

  [5] AB07124 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Who art generous and merciful! We are servants of Thy threshold and are gathered beneath the sheltering shadow of Thy divine unity. The sun of Thy mercy is shining upon all, and the clouds of Thy bounty shower upon all. Thy gifts encompass all, Thy loving providence sustains all, Thy protection overshadows all, and the glances of Thy favor are cast upon all. O Lord! Grant Thine infinite bestowals, and let the light of Thy guidance shine. Illumine the eyes, gladden the hearts with abiding joy. Confer a new spirit upon all people and bestow upon them eternal life. Unlock the gates of true understanding and let the light of faith shine resplendent. Gather all people beneath the shadow of Thy bounty and cause them to unite in harmony, so that they may become as the rays of one sun, as the waves of one ocean, and as the fruit of one tree. May they drink from the same fountain. May they be refreshed by the same breeze. May they receive illumination from the same source of light. Thou art the Giver, the Merciful, the Omnipotent.

  [6] BB00147GRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Provide for the speedy growth of the Tree of Thy divine Unity; water it then, O Lord, with the flowing waters of Thy good-pleasure, and cause it, before the revelations of Thy divine assurance, to yield such fruits as Thou desirest for Thy glorification and exaltation, Thy praise and thanksgiving, and to magnify Thy Name, to laud the oneness of Thine Essence and to offer adoration unto Thee, inasmuch as all this lieth within Thy grasp and in that of none other.
      Last:  Great is the blessedness of those whose blood Thou hast chosen wherewith to water the Tree of Thine affirmation, and thus to exalt Thy holy and immutable Word.

  [7] AB03461MAR (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Bahá’í marriage is union and cordial affection between the two parties.  They must, however, exercise the utmost care and become acquainted with each other's character.  This eternal bond should be made secure by a firm covenant, and the intention should be to foster harmony, fellowship and unity and to attain everlasting life.” —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  “We will, all, verily, abide by the Will of God.”

  [8] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

  [9] AB00094WEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let whosoever travels to different parts to teach, peruse over mountain, desert, land and sea this supplication.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Most Merciful of the merciful.

  [10] AB10492 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind lord!
      Last:  Thou art the Bestower, the All-Loving.

  [11] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

  [12] AB00787SPL (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, O Thou Who hast cast Thy splendor over the luminous realities of men, shedding upon them the resplendent lights of knowledge and guidance, and hast chosen them out of all created things for this supernal grace, and hast caused them to encompass all things, to understand their inmost essence, and to disclose their mysteries, bringing them forth out of darkness into the visible world! “He verily showeth His special mercy to whomsoever He will.”¹
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 55:19-22.

  [13] AB05652WIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 56:62.

  [14] AB02000DIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord! In this Most Great Dispensation Thou dost accept the intercession of children in behalf of their parents.  This is one of the special infinite bestowals of this Dispensation.  Therefore, O Thou kind Lord, accept the request of this Thy servant at the threshold of Thy singleness and submerge his father in the ocean of Thy grace, because this son hath arisen to render Thee service and is exerting effort at all times in the pathway of Thy love.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, the Forgiver and the Kind!

  [15] AB00774SAB (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Come ye together in gladness unalloyed, and at the beginning of the meeting, recite ye this prayer:
      Last:  O Thou our Provider!  Send down Thine aid, that each one gathered here may become a lighted candle, each one a center of attraction, each one a summoner to Thy heavenly realms, till at last we make this nether world the mirror image of Thy Paradise.

  [16] AB08704NEW (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Bless Thou, O King of Kings, the city of New York!  Cause the friends there to be kind to one another.  Purify their souls and make their hearts to be free and detached.  Illumine the world of their consciousness.  Exhilarate their spirits and bestow celestial power and confirmation upon them.  Establish there a heavenly realm, so that the City of Baha may prosper and New York be favoured with blessings from the Abha Kingdom, that this region may become like the all-highest Paradise, may develop into a vineyard of God and be transformed into a heavenly orchard and a spiritual rose garden.

  [17] ABU0394GAT (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  This gathering is turning to Thee.  These hearts are radiant with Thy love.  These minds and spirits are exhilarated by the message of Thy glad-tidings.  O God!  Let this American democracy become glorious in spiritual degrees even as it has aspired to material degrees, and render this just government victorious.  Confirm this revered nation to upraise the standard of the oneness of humanity, to promulgate the Most Great Peace, to become thereby most glorious and praiseworthy among all the nations of the world.  O God! This American nation is worthy of Thy favors and is deserving of Thy mercy.  Make it precious and near to Thee through Thy bounty and bestowal.

  [18] ABU0030SHE (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou forgiving Lord!  Thou art the shelter of all these Thy servants.  Thou knowest the secrets and art aware of all things.  We are all helpless, and Thou art the Mighty, the Omnipotent.  We are all sinners, and Thou art the Forgiver of sins, the Merciful, the Compassionate.  O Lord!  Look not at our shortcomings.  Deal with us according to Thy grace and bounty.  Our shortcomings are many, but the ocean of Thy forgiveness is boundless.  Our weakness is grievous, but the evidences of Thine aid and assistance are clear.  Therefore, confirm and strengthen us.  Enable us to do that which is worthy of Thy holy Threshold.  Illumine our hearts, grant us discerning eyes and attentive ears.  Resuscitate the dead and heal the sick.  Bestow wealth upon the poor and give peace and security to the fearful. Accept us in Thy kingdom and illumine us with the light of guidance. Thou art the Powerful and the Omnipotent.  Thou art the Generous. Thou art the Clement.  Thou art the Kind.

  [19] ABU0003DIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God!  Dispel all those elements which are the cause of discord, and prepare for us all those things which are the cause of unity and accord!  O God!  Descend upon us Heavenly Fragrance and change this gathering into a gathering of Heaven!  Grant to us every benefit and every food.  Prepare for us the Food of Love!  Give us the Food of Knowledge!  Bestow on us the Food of Heavenly Illumination!

  [20] AB00032DAR (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Thou seest how black darkness is enshrouding all regions, how all countries are burning with the flame of dissension, and the fire of war and carnage is blazing throughout the East and the West.  Blood is flowing, corpses bestrew the ground, and severed heads are fallen on the dust of the battlefield.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Most Generous, the Lord of grace abounding, and, verily, Thou art the Compassionate and the Merciful.

  [21] AB00049RAP (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Whoever sets out on a teaching journey to any place, let him recite this prayer day and night during his travels in foreign lands.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Confirmer of whomsoever Thou willest in that which Thou desirest, and, verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Omnipotent.

  [22] AB04004BAB (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God! Rear this little babe in the bosom of Thy love, and give it milk from the breast of Thy Providence. Cultivate this fresh plant in the rose garden of Thy love and aid it to grow through the showers of Thy bounty. Make it a child of the kingdom, and lead it to Thy heavenly realm. Thou art powerful and kind, and Thou art the Bestower, the Generous, the Lord of surpassing bounty.

  [23] AB00001SHI (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Shield Thy trusted servants from the evils of self and passion, protect them with the watchful eye of Thy loving-kindness from all rancor, hate and envy, shelter them in the impregnable stronghold of Thy care and, safe from the darts of doubtfulness, make them the manifestations of Thy glorious signs, illumine their faces with the effulgent rays shed from the Dayspring of Thy divine unity, gladden their hearts with the verses revealed from Thy holy kingdom, strengthen their loins by Thine all-swaying power that cometh from Thy realm of glory.  Thou art the All-Bountiful, the Protector, the Almighty, the Gracious.

  [24] AB00209UND (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Every soul who travels through the cities, villages and hamlets of these States and is engaged in the diffusion of the fragrances of God, should peruse this commune every morning:
      Last:  Thou art the Omnipotent and the Doer of whatsoever Thou willest.

  [25] AB00397HEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou loving Provider!  These souls have hearkened to the summons of the Kingdom, and have gazed upon the glory of the Sun of Truth.  They have risen upward to the refreshing skies of love; they are enamored of Thy nature, and they worship Thy beauty.  Unto Thee have they turned themselves, speaking together of Thee, seeking out Thy dwelling, and thirsting for the waterbrooks of Thy heavenly realm.
      Last:  Thou art the Giver, the Bestower, the Ever-Loving.

  [26] AB06528MID (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * O seeker of Truth!  If thou desirest that God may open thine eye, thou must supplicate unto God, pray to and commune with Him at midnight, saying:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Giver, the Generous, the Merciful, the Forgiving.

  [27] AB00218SOU (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou incomparable God!  O Thou Lord of the Kingdom!  These souls are Thy heavenly army.  Assist them and, with the cohorts of the Supreme Concourse, make them victorious, so that each one of them may become like unto a regiment and conquer these countries through the love of God and the illumination of divine teachings.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty and the Omnipotent, and Thou art the Wise, the Hearing and the Seeing.

  [28] AB05996 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord, O Thou Whose mercy hath encompassed all, Whose forgiveness is transcendent, Whose bounty is sublime, Whose pardon and generosity are all-embracing, and the lights of Whose forgiveness are diffused throughout the world!  O Lord of Glory!  I entreat Thee, fervently and tearfully, to cast upon Thy handmaiden who hath ascended unto Thee the glances of the eye of Thy mercy.  Robe her in the mantle of Thy grace, bright with the ornaments of the celestial Paradise, and, sheltering her beneath the tree of Thy oneness, illumine her face with the lights of Thy mercy and compassion.
      Last:  Bestow upon Thy heavenly handmaiden, O God, the holy fragrances born of the spirit of Thy forgiveness.  Cause her to dwell in a blissful abode, heal her griefs with the balm of Thy reunion, and, in accordance with Thy will, grant her admission to Thy holy Paradise. Let the angels of Thy loving-kindness descend successively upon her, and shelter her beneath Thy blessed Tree.  Thou art, verily, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous, the All-Bountiful.

  [29] AB07304 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou forgiving Lord!
      Last:  Thou art the Forgiver, the Lightgiver and the Omnipotent.

  [30] AB07709CON (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! O my God! Glory be unto Thee for that Thou hast confirmed me to the confession of Thy oneness, attracted me unto the word of Thy singleness, enkindled me by the fire of Thy love, and occupied me with Thy mention and the service of Thy friends and maidservants.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art merciful and, verily, Thou art the Most Generous, Whose help is sought by all men.

  [31] AB02342AWA (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O compassionate God!  Thanks be to Thee for Thou hast awakened and made me conscious.  Thou hast given me a seeing eye and favored me with a hearing ear, hast led me to Thy kingdom and guided me to Thy path.  Thou hast shown me the right way and caused me to enter the ark of deliverance.  O God!  Keep me steadfast and make me firm and staunch.  Protect me from violent tests and preserve and shelter me in the strongly fortified fortress of Thy Covenant and Testament.  Thou art the Powerful.  Thou art the Seeing.  Thou art the Hearing.
      Last:  Thou art the Compassionate, the Merciful.  Thou art the Great Beneficent God.

  [32] AB00044PRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Provider! Thou hast breathed over the friends in the West the sweet fragrance of the Holy Spirit, and with the light of divine guidance Thou hast lit up the western sky. Thou hast made those who were once remote to draw near unto Thyself; Thou hast turned strangers into loving friends; Thou hast awakened those who slept; Thou hast made the heedless mindful.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful, and Thou art the God of strength, the Omnipotent, the All-Seeing.

  [33] AB07759 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord!  Thou knowest that the people are encircled with pain and calamities and are environed with hardships and trouble.  Every trial doth attack man and every dire adversity doth assail him like unto the assault of a serpent.  There is no shelter and asylum for him except under the wing of Thy protection, preservation, guard and custody.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Protector, the Guardian, the Preserver, the Sufficer, and verily, Thou art the Merciful of the Most Merciful.

  [34] AB00210BIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The following commune is to be read ... every day:
      Last:  O Lord! I am single, alone and lowly. For me there is no support save Thee, no helper except Thee and no sustainer beside Thee. Confirm me in Thy service, assist me with the cohorts of Thy angels, make me victorious in the promotion of Thy Word and suffer me to speak out Thy wisdom amongst Thy creatures. Verily, Thou art the helper of the weak and the defender of the little ones, and verily Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty and the Unconstrained.

  [35] AB07850 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God, O Forgiver of sins and Dispeller of afflictions!  O Thou Who art pardoning and merciful!  I raise my suppliant hands to Thee, tearfully beseeching the court of Thy divine Essence to forgive, through Thy mercy and pardon, Thy handmaiden who hath ascended unto the seat of truth.  Cause her, O Lord, to be overshadowed by the clouds of Thy bounty and favor, immerse her in the ocean of Thy forgiveness and clemency, and enable her to enter the sanctified abode, Thy heavenly Paradise.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Mighty, the Compassionate, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [36] AB00083RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! This is thy radiant servant, Thy spiritual thrall, who hath drawn nigh unto Thee and approached Thy presence. He hath turned his face unto Thine, acknowledging Thy oneness, confessing Thy singleness, and he hath called out in Thy name among the nations, and led the people to the streaming waters of Thy mercy, O Thou Most generous Lord! To those who asked He hath given to drink from the cup of guidance that brimmeth over with the wine of Thy measureless grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful, the Protector, the Strong, the Beneficent! Verily, Thou art the Lord of all mercies!

  [37] BB00018DET (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God, my Lord and my Master! I have detached myself from my kindred and have sought through Thee to become independent of all that dwell on earth and ever ready to receive that which is praiseworthy in Thy sight. Bestow on me such good as will make me independent of aught else but Thee, and grant me an ampler share of Thy boundless favors. Verily, Thou art the Lord of grace abounding.

  [38] AB00241HIG (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The following supplication is to be read by the teachers and friends daily:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Wise and the Seeing.

  [39] AB00001ABI (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[795] Prayer UUID: 7b468b9f-0ea4-432c-bfb1-2b5cc74b4b0f

FULL TEXT (mt):
Lovet være Du, o Herre min Gud! Giv nådigt at dette spæde barn må få næring fra Din milde barmhjertigheds og kærlige omsorgs bryst og blive styrket med frugten fra Dine himmelske træer.

Lad det ikke blive overladt til nogen andens omsorg end Din, eftersom Du selv gennem kraften i Din højeste vilje og magt skabte det og kaldte det til live. Der er ingen anden Gud end Dig, Den Almægtige, Den Alvidende.

Priset være Du, o min Mest Elskede, før de søde dufte fra Din overjordiske gavmildhed og Dine hellige gavers vellugt hen over det. Få det da til at søge ly under Dit mest ophøjede navns skygge, o Du, der i Din hånd holder navnes og egenskabers rige. I sandhed, Du er mægtig til at gøre, hvad Du vil, og Du er sandelig Den Mægtige, Den Ophøjede, Den Evigt Tilgivende, Den Nådige, Den Gavmilde, Den Barmhjertige.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [2] AB11281 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord! This a lamp lighted by the fire of Thy love and ablaze with the flame which is ignited in the tree of Thy mercy. O my Lord! Increase his enkindlement, heat and flame, with the fire which is kindled in the Sinai of Thy Manifestation. Verily, Thou art the Confirmer, the Assister, the Powerful, the Generous, the Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[797] Prayer UUID: 886fb3c7-a87d-48f0-8c36-492d2f16565b

FULL TEXT (mt):
## IT-TWAVEL TAL-VIŻITAZZJONI 

*(Din it-Tavla tinqara fl-Imqades ta’ Bahá’u’lláh u l-Báb. Tintuża spiss ukoll biex tfakkar l-anniversarji tagħHom)

It-tifħir li sebbaħ mill-Innifs awgust tiegħeK, u l-glorja li iddiet minn ĠmieleK l-aktar middi, jistriħu fuqek, O Int Li int il-Wirja tal-Kobor, u s-Sultan ta’ l-Eternità, u s-Sid ta’ kulma hu fis-sema u fuq l-art! Jiena nixhed li minneK is-sovranità t’Alla u d-dominju tieghU, u l-maestà t’Alla u l-kobor tiegħU, kienu murija, ul-Kwiekeb tal-Jum tad-dija qadima xerrdu d-dija tagħhom fis-sema tad-digriet tiegħeK lima jitreġġax lura, u l-Ġmiel ta’ Dak li ma Jidhirx idda fuq is-sefaq tal-ħolqien. Jiena nixhed, barra minn dan, li biss b’taħrika tal-Pinna tiegħeK l-amar tiegħeK “Kun” ġie inforzat, u s-Sigriet moħbi t’Alla kien ġie mikxuf, u l-ħwejjeġ kollha maħluqa ġew imsejħa jkunu, u r-Rivelazzjonijiet kollha imniżżla.

Jiena nixhed, barra minn dan, li minn ġmieleK il-ġmiel tal-Wieħed Adorat kien ġie mikxuf, u minn wiċċeK il-wiċċ tal-Wieħed Mixtieq idda ‘l barra, u li minn kelma minneK Int iddeċidejt bejn il-ħwejjeġ kollha maħluqa, iġġagħal lil dawk devoti lejK jitilgħu sal-quċċata tal-glorja, u l-infidili jaqgħu fl-abbiss l-aktar baxx.

Jiena nixhed li dak li kien jafeK kien jaf lil Alla, u dak li kien ġie fil-preżenza tiegħeK kien ġie fil-preżenza t’Alla. Kbira, immela, hija l-barka ta’ dak li kien emmen fiK, u fl-egħliem tiegħeK, u umilja ruħu quddiem is-sovranità tiegħeK u kien ġie onorat bil-laqgħa miegħeK, u kien kiseb il-għoġba tajba tar-rieda tiegħeK, u dar madwarek, u waqaf quddiem it-tron tiegħeK. Ħażin għal dak li kien ħadha kontra tiegħeK, u ċaħdek, u warrab l-egħliem tiegħeK, u ċekken is-sovranità tiegħeK, u qam kontra tiegħeK, u żżarġan kburi quddiem wiċċeK, u kien ħaqqaq dwar ix-xhieda tiegħeK, u ħarab mill-ħakma tiegħeK u d-dominju tiegħeK, u ngħadd mal-infidil li isimhom ġie miktub mis-swaba’ tal-werrieta tiegħeK fuq it-Twavel imqaddsa.

Rejjaħ, immela, lejja, O Alla tiegħi u Maħbub tiegħi, mill-id leminija tal-Ħniena tiegħeK u tal-imħabba-ħanina tiegħeK, in-nifsijiet imqaddsa tal-favuri tiegħeK, ħalli iwarrbuni minni nnifsi u mid-dinja għal ġol-qrati tal-qarbien tiegħeK u tal-preżenza tiegħeK. Setgħani Int li tagħmel dak li jogħġboK. Int, fis-sewwa, kont suprem fuq il-ħwejjeġ kollha.

It-Tifkira t’Alla u t-tifkira tiegħU, u l-glorja t’Alla u d-dija tagħammex tiegħU, jinżlu fuqeK, O Int Li int il-Ġmiel tiegħU! Jiena nixhed li l-għajn tal-ħolqien qatt ma għarrxet fuq wieħed midnub kontra bħaleK. Int kont imgħaddas il-jiem kollha ta’ ħajteK taħt oċejan ta’ għawġ u tiġrib. F’ħin minnhom Int kont imxekkel bl-irbit u l-ktajjen; f’ieħor Int kont imhedded mix-xabla tal-egħdewwa tiegħeK. B’dankollu, minkejja dan kollu, Int ħeġġigt lill-bnedmin kollha biex josservaw dak li kien irrikmandat lileK minn Dak Li Jaf-Kollox, il-Għaref-f’Kollox.

Jalla l-ispirtu tiegħi ikun sagrifiċċju għan-nuqqasijiet li Int ġarrabt, u ruħi tkun rahan għall-kuntrarji li kellek issofri. Nitlob lil Alla, permezz tiegħeK u dawk li wiċċhom kien imdawwal bid-dijiet tad-dawl ta’ wiċċeK, u li, għall-imħabba tiegheK, osservaw kollox dwar ’il fejn kienu imsejħa, biex tneħħi l-istarijiet li ġew bejneK u l-ħlejjaq tiegħeK, u biex tfornini bit-tajjeb ta’ din id-dinja u tad-dinja li ġejja. Int, fis-sew, is-Setgħani, l-Aktar Għoli, il-Glorjuż-f’Kollox, Dak li Jaħfer Dejjem, Dak li Jagħder l-Aktar.

Bierek Int, O Sid Alla tiegħi, is-Siġra Divina tal-Lotu u l-weraq tagħha, u l-friegħi tagħha, u z-zkuk tagħha, u l-egħruq tagħha, sakemm it-titli l-aktar eċċellenti tiegħeK idumu u l-attributi l-aktar awgust tiegheK idumu. Ħarisha, immela, mis-saram tal-għadu u l-armati tat-tirannija. Int, fis-sew, is-Setgħani, l-Aktar Qawwi. Bierek Int, O Sid Alla tiegħi, il-qaddejja tiegheK irġiel u nisa li qarrbu lejK. Int, fis-sew, it-Tajjeb-f’Kollox, li l-grazzja tiegħeK hija bla tarf. M’hemmx Alla għajr Int, li Jaħfer-Dejjem, l-Aktar Ġeneruż.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [2] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [3] BH02307 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *(This Tablet is read at the Shrines of Bahá’u’lláh and the Báb. It is also frequently used in commemorating Their anniversaries.)
      Last:  Bless Thou, O Lord my God, the Divine Lote-Tree and its leaves, and its boughs, and its branches, and its stems, and its offshoots, as long as Thy most excellent titles will endure and Thy most august attributes will last.  Protect it, then, from the mischief of the aggressor and the hosts of tyranny.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.  Bless Thou, also, O Lord my God, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens who have attained unto Thee.  Thou, truly, art the All-Bountiful, Whose grace is infinite.  No God is there save Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[799] Prayer UUID: 88e7d0762901

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[801] Prayer UUID: 8e817fe9b16a

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB04980HOP (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Thou art my Hope and my Beloved, my highest Aim and Desire!  With great humbleness and entire devotion I pray to Thee to make me a minaret of Thy love in Thy land, a lamp of Thy knowledge among Thy creatures, and a banner of divine bounty in Thy dominion.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the All-Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[802] Prayer UUID: 8eff3219-27d0-4495-9ccf-53a14a566f0e

FULL TEXT (mt):
О Господи! Виховуй дітей сих. Діти сі – паростки Твого саду, квіти Твоїх лук, троянди Твого квітника. Дозволь дощу Твоєму пролитися на них, дай Сонцю Дійсності осяяти їх любов’ю Твоєю. Дай вітерцю Твоєму освіжити їх, аби навчалися вони, зростали й розвивалися, і поставали у найвитонченішій красі.

Ти є Дарувальник. Ти є Співчутливий.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [2] ABU0129EDU (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O God!  Educate these children.  These children are the plants of Thine orchard, the flowers of Thy meadow, the roses of Thy garden. Let Thy rain fall upon them; let the Sun of Reality shine upon them with Thy love.  Let Thy breeze refresh them in order that they may be trained, grow and develop, and appear in the utmost beauty.  Thou art the Giver.  Thou art the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[808] Prayer UUID: 994669e7-1296-4141-932a-d2d35aef56f72

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0394GAT (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  This gathering is turning to Thee.  These hearts are radiant with Thy love.  These minds and spirits are exhilarated by the message of Thy glad-tidings.  O God!  Let this American democracy become glorious in spiritual degrees even as it has aspired to material degrees, and render this just government victorious.  Confirm this revered nation to upraise the standard of the oneness of humanity, to promulgate the Most Great Peace, to become thereby most glorious and praiseworthy among all the nations of the world.  O God! This American nation is worthy of Thy favors and is deserving of Thy mercy.  Make it precious and near to Thee through Thy bounty and bestowal.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[810] Prayer UUID: 9a14e218-1283-4c0a-9627-2094dc9d3bd0

FULL TEXT (mt):
Ó ty, jenž obracíš svou tvář k Bohu! Zavři oči před vším ostatním a otevři je říši Nadevše Slavného.

Žádej vše, co si přeješ, pouze od Něho;
hledej vše, co hledáš, pouze u Něho.

Jedním pohledem dává sto tisíc nadějí,
jedním ohlédnutím uzdravuje sto tisíc nevyléčitelných nemocí,
jedním mžikem oka klade balzám na každou ránu,
jediným kývnutím osvobozuje srdce z okovů zármutku.

On činí, jak činí, a co nám zbývá?
On uskutečňuje Svou Vůli a nařizuje, co si přeje.
Pak je pro tebe lepší sklonit hlavu v odevzdanosti
a vložit svou důvěru v Nadevše Milosrdného Pána.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00100EXI (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O God! Thou art the God Who hath existed before all things, Who will exist after all things and will last beyond all things. Thou art the God Who knoweth all things, and is supreme over all things. Thou art the God Who dealeth mercifully with all things, Who judgeth between all things and Whose vision embraceth all things. Thou art God my Lord, Thou art aware of my position, Thou dost witness my inner and outer being.
      Last:  Grant Thy forgiveness unto me and unto the believers who responded to Thy Call. Be Thou my sufficing helper against the mischief of whosoever may desire to inflict sorrow upon me or wish me ill. Verily, Thou art the Lord of all created things. Thou dost suffice everyone, while no one can be self-sufficient without Thee.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[811] Prayer UUID: 9b07f9d2-d372-4a30-93f8-ab590235d677

FULL TEXT (mt):
Ene Jainkoa! Hezi itzazu ume hauek. Zeure baratzeko landarak, zeure larrako loreak dituzu. Zeure euria beroiengana ixuri daitela egizu; Benekotasunaren Eguzkia Zure maitasunaz beroien gain dizdiratu daitela egizu; Benekotasunaren Eguzkia Zure maitasunaz beroien gain dizdiratu daitela egizu. Hezi, hazi eta garatu daitezen eta beren edertasunik ederrean ageri izan daitezen, zeure haizezkaz girotu itzazu. Zeu zara Emailea, Zeu zara Gupidatsua.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] AB04004BAB (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God! Rear this little babe in the bosom of Thy love, and give it milk from the breast of Thy Providence. Cultivate this fresh plant in the rose garden of Thy love and aid it to grow through the showers of Thy bounty. Make it a child of the kingdom, and lead it to Thy heavenly realm. Thou art powerful and kind, and Thou art the Bestower, the Generous, the Lord of surpassing bounty.

  [2] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [3] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[812] Prayer UUID: 9b2e8770-12dd-4687-9cfe-8e89e26738d3

FULL TEXT (mt):
## MŌ TE TONO AWHINA

E inoi atu ana ahau ki a Koe mā Tō kaha E tōku Atua! Kaua ahau e tukua kia whara i ngā wā o te whakawai, ā, i ngā wā o te arokore, arahina mai aku hīkoinga mā Tō hiringa. Ko Koe tonu te Atua, Nōu te kaha e taea ai ko Tāu e hiahia ai Koe. E kore e taea e wai rānei te haukoti i Ōu hiahia, te karo rānei i Tō Kaupapa.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH00009HOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: How can I choose to sleep, O God, my God, when the eyes of them that long for Thee are wakeful because of their separation from Thee; and how can I lie down to rest whilst the souls of Thy lovers are sore vexed in their remoteness from Thy presence?
      Last:  By Thy might!  I ask not, whether sleeping or waking, but that which Thou dost desire.  I am Thy servant and in Thy hands.  Do Thou graciously aid me to do what will shed forth the fragrance of Thy good pleasure.  This, truly, is my hope and the hope of them that enjoy near access to Thee.  Praised be Thou, O Lord of the worlds!

  [2] BB00018ADJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I adjure Thee by Thy might, O my God!  Let no harm beset me in times of tests, and in moments of heedlessness guide my steps aright through Thine inspiration.  Thou art God, potent art Thou to do what Thou desirest. No one can withstand Thy Will or thwart Thy Purpose.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[813] Prayer UUID: 9f645197837d

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00015SUF (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Say: God sufficeth all things above all things, and nothing in the heavens or in the earth but God sufficeth.  Verily, He is in Himself the Knower, the Sustainer, the Omnipotent.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[814] Prayer UUID: 9fb8b6fa-0d15-4caf-93a3-86b777cdbfe2

FULL TEXT (mt):
يا سَيدِي الأَكبَرَ ما أنا بِشَيْءٍ إلاَّ وقَد أَقامَتْنِي قُدْرَتُكَ علَى الأَمْرِ. ما اتَّكَلْتُ فِي شَيْءٍ إلاَّ عَلَيْكَ. وما اعتَصَمْتُ في أَمرٍ إِلاَّ إِلَيْك. يا بَقيَّةَ اللهِ قَدْ فَدَيْتُ بِكُلِّي لَكَ ورَضَيْتُ السَّبَّ فِي سَبيلِكَ وما تَمَنَّيْتُ إلاَّ القَتْلَ فِي مَحبَّتِكَ وَكَفَى بِاللهِ العَلِيِّ مُعْتَصَمًا قَدِيمًا. وَكَفَى بِاللهِ شاهِدًا وَوَكِيلاً.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (29 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [3] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

  [4] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [5] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [6] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [7] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [8] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [9] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [10] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [11] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [12] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [13] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [14] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [15] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [16] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [17] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [18] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [19] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [20] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [21] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [22] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [23] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [24] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [25] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [26] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [27] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [28] AB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Grant Thy favour, and bestow Thy blessing.  Vouchsafe Thy grace, and give a portion of Thy bounty.  Enable these men to witness during this year the fulfilment of their hopes.
      Last:  Send down Thy heavenly rain, and provide Thy plenteousness and abundance.  Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty.

  [29] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[815] Prayer UUID: a0c3b328432f

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (29 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [3] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

  [4] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [5] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [6] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [7] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [8] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [9] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [10] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [11] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [12] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [13] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [14] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [15] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [16] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [17] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [18] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [19] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [20] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [21] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [22] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [23] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [24] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [25] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [26] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [27] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [28] AB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Grant Thy favour, and bestow Thy blessing.  Vouchsafe Thy grace, and give a portion of Thy bounty.  Enable these men to witness during this year the fulfilment of their hopes.
      Last:  Send down Thy heavenly rain, and provide Thy plenteousness and abundance.  Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty.

  [29] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[816] Prayer UUID: a3172c7799ee

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10685 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou most glorious Lord!  Make this little maidservant of Thine blessed and happy; cause her to be cherished at the threshold of Thy oneness, and let her drink deep from the cup of Thy love so that she may be filled with rapture and ecstasy and diffuse sweet-scented fragrance.  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[817] Prayer UUID: a3c0dee3-c2c5-4c7b-b17c-59e4be53834a

FULL TEXT (mt):
O Viešpatie! Tavyje aš ieškau prieglobsčio ir visų Tavo ženklų link aš kreipiu savo širdį.
O Viešpatie! Kelyje ir namie, darbe ir visuose poelgiuose aš visiškai pasitikiu Tavimi.
	Todėl suteiki man Savo pagalbą, kad tapčiau nepriklausomas nuo nieko, o Tu, Kuris esi nepralenkiamas Savo gailestingumu!
	Suteiki man mano dalį, o Viešpatie, pagal Tavo norą ir padėk man džiaugtis viskuo, ką bepaskirtum.
	Tu turi neribotą valdžios galią.
 Babas

	O Dieve, vesk mane, saugok mane, paversk mane šviečiančiu žiburiu ir spindinčia žvaigžde. Tu esi Galingas ir Stiprus

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [2] BH00223MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Say: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name through which the splendor of the light of wisdom shone resplendent when the heavens of divine utterance were set in motion amidst mankind, to graciously aid me by Thy heavenly confirmations and enable me to extol Thy Name amongst Thy servants.
      Last:  Verily, potent art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest, and in Thy grasp Thou holdest the kingdom of creation.  There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[818] Prayer UUID: a6822259-b5a7-4c9c-adc6-9b51f0cf4299

FULL TEXT (mt):
O tù lu mio Diu, o tù lu mio Diu, unisci i cori di i to servitori è impàrali u to grande prugettu. Ch’elli pòssanu seguità i to cumandamenti è rispettà a to lege. Aiùtali, o Diu, ind’i so sforzi è accòrdali a forza di sèrveti. O Diu, ùn l’abbandunà micca à sé stessi, ma cù u lume di a to cunniscenza, accumpàgnali è ralegra i so cori cù u to amore. In verità, sì u so Sustegnu è u so Signore.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] AB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Grant Thy favour, and bestow Thy blessing.  Vouchsafe Thy grace, and give a portion of Thy bounty.  Enable these men to witness during this year the fulfilment of their hopes.
      Last:  Send down Thy heavenly rain, and provide Thy plenteousness and abundance.  Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty.

  [2] BB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

  [3] ABU0268AME (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  This gathering is turning to Thee.  These hearts are radiant with Thy love.  These minds and spirits are exhilarated by the message of Thy glad-tidings.  O God!  Let this American democracy become glorious in spiritual degrees even as it has aspired to material degrees, and render this just government victorious.  Confirm this revered nation to upraise the standard of the oneness of humanity, to promulgate the Most Great Peace, to become thereby most glorious and praiseworthy among all the nations of the world.  O God! This American nation is worthy of Thy favors and is deserving of Thy mercy.  Make it precious and near to Thee through Thy bounty and bestowal.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[819] Prayer UUID: a852e8cba210

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH01313NAM (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Thy name is my healing, O my God, and remembrance of Thee is my remedy.  Nearness to Thee is my hope, and love for Thee is my companion.  Thy mercy to me is my healing and my succor in both this world and the world to come.  Thou, verily, art the All-Bountiful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[821] Prayer UUID: a963e9fc3ffc

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0129EDU (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Educate these children.  These children are the plants of Thine orchard, the flowers of Thy meadow, the roses of Thy garden. Let Thy rain fall upon them; let the Sun of Reality shine upon them with Thy love.  Let Thy breeze refresh them in order that they may be trained, grow and develop, and appear in the utmost beauty.  Thou art the Giver.  Thou art the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[824] Prayer UUID: ae7f8978d3d1

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00015SUF (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Say: God sufficeth all things above all things, and nothing in the heavens or in the earth but God sufficeth.  Verily, He is in Himself the Knower, the Sustainer, the Omnipotent.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[825] Prayer UUID: b03615c3-aa6a-4f55-9cf3-99932a6610af

FULL TEXT (mt):
Glorja lileK, O Sid Alla tiegħi!  Nitolbok f’ġieh il-Magħżulin tiegħeK, u f’ġieh ir-Reffiegħa tal-Fiduċja tiegħeK, u f’ġieh Dak Li Int għażilt biex ikun is-Siġill tal-Profeti tiegħeK u tal-Qaddejja tiegħeK, biex tagħmel il-fakra fiK is-sieħba tiegħi, u l-imħabba tiegħeK il-mira tiegħi, u wiċċeK il-għan tiegħi, u ismeK il-lampa tiegħi, u xewqteK  xewqti, 
u l-għoġba tiegħek l-għaxqa tiegħi.

Jiena midneb, O Sid tiegħi, u Inti Dak li Dejjem-Taħfer. Malli jien għarafteK, jien għaġġilt biex nikseb il-qorti għolja ta’ mħabbteK-ħanina. Aħfirli, O Sid tiegħi, dnubieti li żammewni lura milli nimxi fil-passi tal-għoġba tajba tiegħeK, u milli nilħaq is-xtut tal-oċejan ta’ waħdaneK.

M’hemm ħadd, O Sid tiegħi, li jaf jurini tjieba li lejh nista’ ndawwar wiċċi, u ħadd li jista’ jħenn għalija li nista’ nixxennaq għall-ħniena tiegħu. Tkeċċinix ‘il barra, nitolboK, mill-preżenza tal-grazzja tiegħeK, lanqas Inti ma żżomm lura minni it-tixrid tal-ġenerożità u t-tjieba tiegħeK. Amar għalija, O Sid tiegħi, dak li Int amart għal dawk li jħobbuK, u niżżel għalija dak li Inti ktibt għall- magħżulin tiegħeK. Ħarsti, il-ħin kollu, kienet imwħħla fuq ix-xefaq tal-providenza ħlejja tiegħeK, u għajnejja mdawrin għal fuq il-qorti tal-ħniniet teneri tiegħeK. Agħmel bija dak li jogħġob lileK. M’hemmx Alla ieħor għajreK, l-Alla tas-setgħa, l-Alla tal-glorja, li l-ghajnuna tiegħU tintalab mill-bnedmin kollha.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (42 options):

  [1] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [2] BH08264 (Confidence: %!d(float64=65)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  Thou hearest Thine ardent lovers lamenting in their separation from Thee, and such as have recognized Thee wailing because of their remoteness from Thy presence.  Open Thou outwardly to their faces, O my Lord, the gates of Thy grace, that they may enter them by Thy leave and in conformity with Thy will, and may stand before the throne of Thy majesty, and catch the accents of Thy voice, and be illumined with the splendors of the light of Thy face.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [3] BB00018ANG (Confidence: %!d(float64=65)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  There is no one but Thee to allay the anguish of my soul, and Thou art my highest aspiration, O my God.  My heart is wedded to none save Thee and such as Thou dost love.  I solemnly declare that my life and death are both for Thee.  Verily Thou art incomparable and hast no partner.
      Last:  O my God!  I beseech Thee by the evidences of Thy favor, to let me draw nigh to the sublime heights of Thy holy presence, and protect me from inclining myself toward the subtle allusions of aught else but Thee.  Guide my steps, O my God, unto that which is acceptable and pleasing to Thee.  Shield me, through Thy might, from the fury of Thy wrath and chastisement, and hold me back from entering habitations not desired by Thee.

  [4] BH05543 (Confidence: %!d(float64=65)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I give Thee thanks inasmuch as Thou hast called me into being in Thy days, and infused into me Thy love and Thy knowledge.  I beseech Thee, by Thy name whereby the goodly pearls of Thy wisdom and Thine utterance were brought forth out of the treasuries of the hearts of such of Thy servants as are nigh unto Thee, and through which the Daystar of Thy name, the Compassionate, hath shed its radiance upon all that are in Thy heaven and on Thy earth, to supply me, by Thy grace and bounty, with Thy wondrous and hidden bounties.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds.

  [5] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

  [6] BB00147ORD (Confidence: %!d(float64=65)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Ordain for me, O my Lord, and for those who believe in Thee that which is deemed best for us in Thine estimation, as set forth in the Mother Book, for within the grasp of Thy hand Thou holdest the determined measures of all things.
      Last:  There is no power nor strength except in God, the Most Exalted, the Most Mighty.

  [7] AB00156LOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou seest me, O my God, bowed down in lowliness, humbling myself before Thy commandments, submitting to Thy sovereignty, trembling at the might of Thy dominion, fleeing from Thy wrath, entreating Thy grace, relying upon Thy forgiveness, shaking with awe at Thy fury.  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart, with streaming tears and a yearning soul, and in complete detachment from all things, to make Thy lovers as rays of light across Thy realms, and to aid Thy chosen servants to exalt Thy Word, that their faces may turn beauteous and bright with splendor, that their hearts may be filled with mysteries, and that every soul may lay down its burden of sin.  Guard them then from the aggressor, from him who hath become a shameless and blasphemous doer of wrong.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art He of abounding grace.  There is none other God save Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Ever-Bestowing.

  [8] BH00593 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God our Lord!  Protect us through Thy grace from whatsoever may be repugnant unto Thee, and vouchsafe unto us that which well beseemeth Thee.  Give us more out of Thy bounty, and bless us.  Pardon us for the things we have done, and wash away our sins, and forgive us with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Most Exalted, the Self-Subsisting.
      Last:  Thou art the Sovereign Ruler, the Mighty Doer, the Exalted, the All-Loving.

  [9] BH07683 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O King of eternity, and the Maker of nations, and the Fashioner of every moldering bone!  I pray Thee, by Thy Name through which Thou didst call all mankind unto the horizon of Thy majesty and glory, and didst guide Thy servants to the court of Thy grace and favors, to number me with such as have rid themselves from everything except Thyself, and have set themselves towards Thee, and have not been kept back by such misfortunes as were decreed by Thee, from turning in the direction of Thy gifts.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

  [10] BH07721 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou didst lift up the ensigns of Thy guidance, and didst shed the radiance of Thy loving-kindness, and didst reveal the sovereignty of Thy Lordship; through which the lamp of Thy names hath appeared within the niche of Thine attributes, and He Who is the Tabernacle of Thy unity and the Manifestation of detachment hath shone forth; through which the ways of Thy guidance were made known, and the paths of Thy good pleasure were marked out; through which the foundations of error have been made to tremble, and the signs of wickedness have been abolished; through which the fountains of wisdom have burst forth, and the heavenly table hath been sent down; through which Thou didst preserve Thy servants and didst vouchsafe Thy healing; through which Thou didst show forth Thy tender mercies unto Thy servants and revealedst Thy forgiveness amidst Thy creatures—I implore Thee to keep safe him who hath held fast and returned unto Thee, and clung to Thy mercy, and seized the hem of Thy loving providence.  Send down, then, upon him Thy healing, and make him whole, and endue him with a constancy vouchsafed by Thee, and a tranquillity bestowed by Thy highness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Healer, the Preserver, the Helper, the Almighty, the Powerful, the All-Glorious, the All-Knowing.

  [11] BH08852 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  One of Thy handmaidens, who hath believed in Thee and in Thy signs, hath entered beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness.  Give her to quaff, O my God, by Thy Name, the Manifest and the Hidden, of Thy choice sealed Wine that it may take her away from her own self, and make her to be entirely devoted to Thy remembrance, and wholly detached from any one beside Thee.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, the God of knowledge and wisdom.

  [12] BB00374 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Vouchsafe unto me, O my God, the full measure of Thy love and Thy good-pleasure, and through the attractions of Thy resplendent light enrapture our hearts, O Thou Who art the Supreme Evidence and the All-Glorified.  Send down upon me, as a token of Thy grace, Thy vitalizing breezes, throughout the daytime and in the night season, O Lord of bounty.
      Last:  Indeed shouldst Thou desire to confer blessing upon a servant Thou wouldst blot out from the realm of his heart every mention or disposition except Thine Own mention; and shouldst Thou ordain evil for a servant by reason of that which his hands have unjustly wrought before Thy face, Thou wouldst test him with the benefits of this world and of the next that he might become preoccupied therewith and forget Thy remembrance.

  [13] BB00018MAJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: All majesty and glory, O my God, and all dominion and light and grandeur and splendor be unto Thee.  Thou bestowest sovereignty on whom Thou willest and dost withhold it from whom Thou desirest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.  Thou art He Who createth from naught the universe and all that dwell therein. There is nothing worthy of Thee except Thyself, while all else but Thee are as outcasts in Thy holy presence and are as nothing when compared to the glory of Thine Own Being.
      Last:  * 1. Qur'án 6:103

  [14] BH00009AWA (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I give praise to Thee, O my God, that Thou hast awakened me out of my sleep, and brought me forth after my disappearance, and raised me up from my slumber.  I have wakened this morning with my face set toward the splendors of the Daystar of thy Revelation, through Which the heavens of Thy power and Thy majesty have been illumined, acknowledging Thy signs, believing in Thy Book, and holding fast unto Thy Cord.
      Last:  Thou disappointest no one who hath sought Thee, nor dost Thou keep back from Thee anyone who hath desired Thee.  Ordain Thou for me what becometh the heaven of Thy generosity, and the ocean of Thy bounty. Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [15] BB00543VIC (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Render victorious Thy forbearing servants in Thy days by granting them a befitting victory, inasmuch as they have sought martyrdom in Thy path.  Send down upon them that which will bring comfort to their minds, will rejoice their inner beings, will impart assurance to their hearts and tranquillity to their bodies and will enable their souls to ascend to the presence of God, the Most Exalted, and to attain the supreme Paradise and such retreats of glory as Thou hast destined for men of true knowledge and virtue.  Verily, Thou knowest all things, while we are but Thy servants, Thy thralls, Thy bondsmen and Thy poor ones.  No Lord but Thee do we invoke, O God our Lord, nor do we implore blessings or grace from anyone but Thee, O Thou Who art the God of mercy unto this world and the next.  We are but the embodiments of poverty, of nothingness, of helplessness and of perdition, while Thy whole Being betokeneth wealth, independence, glory, majesty and boundless grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art our Lord and the Lord of all things.  Into Thy hands do we surrender ourselves, yearning for the things that pertain unto Thee.

  [16] BB00100EXI (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O God! Thou art the God Who hath existed before all things, Who will exist after all things and will last beyond all things. Thou art the God Who knoweth all things, and is supreme over all things. Thou art the God Who dealeth mercifully with all things, Who judgeth between all things and Whose vision embraceth all things. Thou art God my Lord, Thou art aware of my position, Thou dost witness my inner and outer being.
      Last:  Grant Thy forgiveness unto me and unto the believers who responded to Thy Call. Be Thou my sufficing helper against the mischief of whosoever may desire to inflict sorrow upon me or wish me ill. Verily, Thou art the Lord of all created things. Thou dost suffice everyone, while no one can be self-sufficient without Thee.

  [17] BH07180 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I yield Thee thanks for having enabled me to recognize the Manifestation of Thyself, and for having severed me from Thine enemies, and laid bare before mine eyes their misdeeds and wicked works in Thy days, and for having rid me of all attachment to them, and caused me to turn wholly towards Thy grace and bountiful favors.  I give Thee thanks, also, for having sent down upon me from the clouds of Thy will that which hath so sanctified me from the hints of the infidels and the allusions of the misbelievers that I have fixed my heart firmly on Thee, and fled from such as have denied the light of Thy countenance.  Again I thank Thee for having empowered me to be steadfast in Thy love, and to speak forth Thy praise and to extol Thy virtues, and for having given me to drink of the cup of Thy mercy that hath surpassed all things visible and invisible.
      Last:  Thou art the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the All-Loving.

  [18] BH09498 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God and the God of all Names, and the Maker of the heavens!  I entreat Thee by Thy Name through which He Who is the Dayspring of Thy might and the Dawning-Place of Thy power hath been manifested, through which every solid thing hath been made to flow, and every dead corpse hath been quickened, and every moving spirit confirmed—I entreat Thee to enable me to rid myself of all attachment to any one but Thee, and to serve Thy Cause, and to wish what Thou didst wish through the power of Thy sovereignty, and to perform what is the good pleasure of Thy will.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, moreover, O my God, to ordain for me what will make me rich enough to dispense with any one save Thee.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face turned towards Thee, and my hands clinging to the cord of Thy grace.  Send down upon me Thy mercy, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Bountiful.

  [19] BB00002MEN (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O God.  How can I make mention of Thee while Thou art sanctified from the praise of all mankind.  Magnified be Thy Name, O God, Thou art the King, the Eternal Truth; Thou knowest what is in the heavens and on the earth, and unto Thee must all return.  Thou hast sent down Thy divinely ordained Revelation according to a clear measure.  Praised art Thou, O Lord!  At Thy behest Thou dost render victorious whomsoever Thou willest, through the hosts of heaven and earth and whatsoever existeth between them.  Thou art the Sovereign, the Eternal Truth, the Lord of invincible might.
      Last:  Glorified art Thou, O Lord!  Thou forgivest at all times the sins of such among Thy servants as implore Thy pardon.  Wash away my sins and the sins of those who seek Thy forgiveness at dawn, who pray to Thee in the daytime and in the night season, who yearn after naught save God, who offer up whatsoever God hath graciously bestowed upon them, who celebrate Thy praise at morn and eventide, and who are not remiss in their duties.

  [20] BH00308DES (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord of the world and Desire of the nations, O Thou Who hast become manifest in the Greatest Name, whereby the pearls of wisdom and utterance have appeared from the shells of the great sea of Thy knowledge, and the heavens of divine revelation have been adorned with the light of the appearance of the sun of Thy countenance.
      Last:  I beg of Thee, O Thou King of existence and Protector of the seen and the unseen, to make whosoever arises to serve Thy Cause as a sea moving by Thy desire, as one ablaze with the fire of Thy Sacred Tree, shining from the horizon of the heaven of Thy will.  Verily, Thou art the mighty One, Whom neither the power of all the world nor the strength of nations can weaken.  There is no God but Thee, the One, the Incomparable, the Protector, the Self-Subsistent.

  [21] AB05167 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou knowest, O God, and art my witness that I have no desire in my heart save to attain Thy good pleasure, to be confirmed in servitude unto Thee, to consecrate myself in Thy service, to labor in Thy great vineyard and to sacrifice all in Thy path.  Thou art the All-Knowing and the All-Seeing.  I have no wish save to turn my steps, in my love for Thee, towards the mountains and the deserts to loudly proclaim the advent of Thy Kingdom, and to raise Thy call amidst all men.  O God! Open Thou the way for this helpless one, grant Thou the remedy to this ailing one and bestow Thy healing upon this afflicted one.  With burning heart and tearful eyes I supplicate Thee at Thy Threshold.
      Last:  O God!  Protect me from tests.  Thou knowest full well that I have turned away from all things and freed myself of all thoughts.  I have no occupation save mention of Thee and no aspiration save serving Thee.

  [22] BH06026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Gracious, the All-Bountiful!
      Last:  Lord!  Turn me not away from the ocean of Thy wealth and the heaven of Thy mercy, and ordain for me the good of this world and hereafter. Verily, Thou art the Lord of the mercy-seat, enthroned in the highest; there is none other God but Thee, the One, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [23] AB02825 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise and glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  This is a choice sapling which Thou hast planted in the meads of Thy love and hast nurtured with the fingers of Thy Lordship.  Thou hast watered it from the well-spring of everlasting life which streameth forth from the gardens of Thy oneness and Thou hast caused the clouds of Thy tender mercy to shower Thy favors upon it.  It hath now grown and developed beneath the shelter of Thy blessings which are manifest from the Dayspring of Thy divine essence.  It hath burst forth into leaves and blossoms, is laden with fruit through the providence of Thy wondrous gifts and bounties and is stirred by the fragrant breeze wafting from the direction of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the All-Powerful, the All-Glorious, the Omnipotent.

  [24] AB00314HOR (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  From the horizon of detachment Thou hast manifested souls that, even as the shining moon, shed radiance upon the realm of heart and soul, rid themselves from the attributes of the world of existence and hastened forth unto the kingdom of immortality.  With a drop from the ocean of Thy loving-kindness Thou didst oft-times moisten the gardens of their hearts until they gained incomparable freshness and beauty.  The holy fragrance of Thy divine unity was diffused far and wide, shedding its sweet savors over the entire world, causing the regions of the earth to be redolent with perfume.
      Last:  O Thou kind Lord!  Grant that this youth may attain unto that which is the highest aspiration of the holy ones.  Endow him with the wings of Thy strengthening grace—wings of detachment and divine aid—that he may soar thereby into the atmosphere of Thy tender mercy, be able to partake of Thy celestial bestowals, may become a sign of divine guidance and a standard of the Concourse on high.  Thou art the Potent, the Powerful, the Seeing, the Hearing.

  [25] ABU0095KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou forgiving God! These servants are turning to Thy kingdom and seeking Thy grace and bounty. O God! Make their hearts good and pure in order that they may become worthy of Thy love. Purify and sanctify the spirits that the light of the Sun of Reality may shine upon them. Purify and sanctify the eyes that they may perceive Thy light. Purify and sanctify the ears in order that they may hear the call of Thy kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Powerful the Omnipotent, the Merciful, and Thou art the Generous, the Beneficent, the Lord of grace abounding.

  [26] AB00687SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou, my God, Who guidest the seeker to the pathway that leadeth aright, Who deliverest the lost and blinded soul out of the wastes of perdition, Thou Who bestowest upon the sincere great bounties and favors, Who guardest the frightened within Thine impregnable refuge, Who answerest, from Thine all-highest horizon, the cry of those who cry out unto Thee.  Praised be Thou, O my Lord!  Thou hast guided the distracted out of the death of unbelief, and hast brought those who draw nigh unto Thee to the journey's goal, and hast rejoiced the assured among Thy servants by granting them their most cherished desires, and hast, from Thy Kingdom of beauty, opened before the faces of those who yearn after Thee the gates of reunion, and hast rescued them from the fires of deprivation and loss—so that they hastened unto Thee and gained Thy presence, and arrived at Thy welcoming door, and received of gifts an abundant share.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Ever-Giving, the Precious, the Most Bountiful.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Exalted, the Victorious.

  [27] BH00223MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Say: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name through which the splendor of the light of wisdom shone resplendent when the heavens of divine utterance were set in motion amidst mankind, to graciously aid me by Thy heavenly confirmations and enable me to extol Thy Name amongst Thy servants.
      Last:  Verily, potent art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest, and in Thy grasp Thou holdest the kingdom of creation.  There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

  [28] AB00128FEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! These are Thy feeble servants; they are Thy loyal bondsmen and Thy handmaidens, who have bowed themselves down before Thine exalted Utterance and humbled themselves at Thy Threshold of light, and borne witness to Thy oneness through which the Sun hath been made to shine in midday splendor. They have listened to the summons Thou didst raise from out Thy hidden Realm, and with hearts quivering with love and rapture, they have responded to Thy call.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Mighty, the Exalted, the Powerful, He Who alone, in the heavens and on the earth, abideth unchanged. There is none other God save Thee, the Lord of manifest tokens and signs.

  [29] BH06429 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Thou art He the fire of Whose love hath set ablaze the hearts of them who have recognized Thy unity, and the splendors of Whose countenance have illuminated the faces of such as have drawn nigh unto Thy court.  How plenteous, O my God, is the stream of Thy knowledge!  How sweet, O my Beloved, is the injury which, in my love for Thee, and for the sake of Thy pleasure, I suffer from the darts of the wicked doers!  How pleasing are the wounds which, in Thy path and in order to proclaim Thy Faith, I sustain from the swords of the infidels!
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do what Thou pleasest.  Thou art, verily, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [30] BH08363 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, Who art the Author of all Manifestations, the Source of all Sources, the Fountainhead of all Revelations, and the Wellspring of all Lights!  I testify that by Thy Name the heaven of understanding hath been adorned, and the ocean of utterance hath surged, and the dispensations of Thy providence have been promulgated unto the followers of all religions.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the God of strength and power, Who art meet to answer them that pray Thee.  There is no God save Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [31] BB00553 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy Name, O Lord our God!  Thou art in truth the Knower of things unseen.  Ordain for us such good as Thine all-embracing knowledge can measure.  Thou art the sovereign Lord, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.
      Last:  Say: God is indeed the Maker of all things.  He giveth sustenance in plenty to whomsoever He willeth.  He is the Creator, the Source of all beings, the Fashioner, the Almighty, the Maker, the All-Wise.  He is the Bearer of the most excellent titles throughout the heavens and the earth and whatever lieth between them.  All do His bidding, and all the dwellers of earth and heaven celebrate His praise, and unto Him shall all return.

  [32] AB07158 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O my God!  Verily, this thy servant and this Thy maidservant have gathered under the shadow of Thy mercy and they are united through Thy favor and generosity.  O Lord!  Assist them in this Thy world and Thy kingdom and destine for them every good through Thy bounty and grace.  O Lord!  Confirm them in Thy servitude and assist them in Thy service.  Suffer them to become the signs of Thy Name in Thy world and protect them through Thy bestowals which are inexhaustible in this world and the world to come.  O Lord!  They are supplicating the kingdom of Thy mercifulness and invoking the realm of Thy singleness.  Verily, they are married in obedience to Thy command. Cause them to become the signs of harmony and unity until the end of time.  Verily, Thou art the Omnipotent, the Omnipresent and the Almighty!

  [33] BB00001KNO (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou knowest full well, O my God, that tribulations have showered upon me from all directions and that no one can dispel or transmute them except Thee.  I know of a certainty, by virtue of my love for Thee, that Thou wilt never cause tribulations to befall any soul unless Thou desirest to exalt his station in Thy celestial Paradise and to buttress his heart in this earthly life with the bulwark of Thine all-compelling power, that it may not become inclined toward the vanities of this world.  Indeed Thou art well aware that under all conditions I would cherish the remembrance of Thee far more than the ownership of all that is in the heavens and on the earth.
      Last:  Immensely exalted art Thou, O Lord of the heavens and earth, above the praise of all men, and may peace be upon Thy faithful servants and glory be unto God, the Lord of all the worlds.

  [34] AB02866 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord, my God and my Haven in my distress!  My Shield and my Shelter in my woes!  My Asylum and Refuge in time of need and in my loneliness my Companion!  In my anguish my Solace, and in my solitude a loving Friend!  The Remover of the pangs of my sorrows and the Pardoner of my sins!
      Last:  Thou art, in all truth, the Gracious, the Glorified, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

  [35] BH05771 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be unto Thee, O my God!  I am one of Thy servants, who hath believed on Thee and on Thy signs.  Thou seest how I have set myself towards the door of Thy mercy, and turned my face in the direction of Thy loving-kindness.  I beseech Thee, by Thy most excellent titles and Thy most exalted attributes, to open to my face the portals of Thy bestowals.  Aid me, then, to do that which is good, O Thou Who art the Posessor of all names and attributes!
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the Beneficent.

  [36] BB00583 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord my God!  I beg Thee to forgive me and those who support Thy Faith.  Verily, Thou art the sovereign Lord, the Forgiver, the Most Generous.  O my God!  Enable such servants of Thine as are deprived of knowledge to be admitted into Thy Cause; for once they learn of Thee, they bear witness to the truth of the Day of Judgment and do not dispute the revelations of Thy bounty.  Send down upon them the tokens of Thy grace, and grant them, wherever they reside, a liberal share of that which Thou hast ordained for the pious among Thy servants.  Thou art in truth the Supreme Ruler, the All-Bounteous, the Most Benevolent.
      Last:  Bless me, O my God, and those who will believe in Thy signs on the appointed Day, and such as cherish my love in their hearts—a love which Thou dost instill into them.  Verily, Thou art the Lord of righteousness, the Most Exalted.

  [37] AB00362LOV (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Illumine the brows of Thy true lovers, and support them with angelic hosts of certain triumph.  Set firm their feet on Thy straight path, and out of Thine ancient bounty open before them the portals of Thy blessings; for they are expending on Thy pathway what Thou hast bestowed upon them, safeguarding Thy Faith, putting their trust in their remembrance of Thee, offering up their hearts for love of Thee, and withholding not what they possess in adoration for Thy Beauty and in their search for ways to please Thee.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Sustainer, the Helper, the Generous, the Bountiful, the Ever-Bestowing.

  [38] BB00560 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of Thy Lord, the Creator, the Sovereign, the All-Sufficing, the Most Exalted, He Whose help is implored by all men.
      Last:  Confer Thy blessings, O my Lord, upon the Messengers, the holy ones and the righteous. Verily, Thou art God, the Peerless, the All-Compelling.

  [39] BH08600FAC (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I am he, O my Lord, that hath set his face towards Thee, and fixed his hope on the wonders of Thy grace and the revelations of Thy bounty.  I pray Thee that Thou wilt not suffer me to turn away disappointed from the door of Thy mercy, nor abandon me to such of Thy creatures as have repudiated Thy Cause.
      Last:  I am, O my God, Thy servant and the son of Thy servant.  I have recognized Thy truth in Thy days, and have directed my steps towards the shores of Thy oneness, confessing Thy singleness, acknowledging Thy unity, and hoping for Thy forgiveness and pardon.  Powerful art Thou to do what Thou willest; no God is there beside Thee, the All-Glorious, the Ever-Forgiving.

  [40] BH02753ENT (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O my compassionate Lord!  I entreat Thee by the tumult of the ocean of Thy holy utterance, and by the manifold tokens of Thy supreme sovereignty, and the compelling evidences of Thy Divinity, and the hidden mysteries that lie concealed within Thy knowledge, to give me Thy grace to serve Thee and Thy chosen ones, and enable me to dutifully offer Thy Huqúq which Thou hast ordained in Thy Book.
      Last:  I implore Thee, O Lord of all names and Creator of the heavens, to assist me to be steadfast in Thy Cause, through Thy strengthening grace, in such wise that the vanities of the world may not suffer me to be shut out as by a veil, nor to be hindered by the violent commotions of the wicked-doers who have risen up to lead Thy people astray in Thy days.  Destine for me then, O my heart's Desire, the good of this world and the world to come.  Verily Thou art powerful to do as Thou willest.  No God is there but Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [41] BH08822 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Him Who is Thy Most Great Name, Who hath been sorely afflicted by such of Thy creatures as have repudiated Thy truth, and Who hath been hemmed in by sorrows which no tongue can describe, to grant that I may remember Thee and celebrate Thy praise, in these days when all have turned away from Thy beauty, have disputed with Thee, and turned away disdainfully from Him Who is the Revealer of Thy Cause.  None is there, O my Lord, to help Thee except Thine own Self, and no power to succor Thee save Thine own power.
      Last:  I entreat Thee to enable me to cleave steadfastly in Thy love and Thy remembrance.  This is, verily, within my power, and Thou art the One that knoweth all that is in me.  Thou, in truth, art knowing, apprised of all.  Deprive me not, O my Lord, of the splendors of the light of Thy face,whose brightness hath illuminated the whole world.  No God is there beside Thee, the Most Powerful, the All-Glorious, the Ever-Forgiving.

  [42] BB00005SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: LIKELY)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[826] Prayer UUID: b292a054-d34c-489b-ab15-61017f114725

FULL TEXT (mt):
Mix-xmajjar imfewħa ta’ dwiemeK agħtini nixrob, O Alla tiegħi, u mill-frott tas-siġra tal-essenza tiegħeK ħallini nduq, O Tama tiegħi! Min-nixxigħat ċari ta’ mħabbteK ħallini nixrob, O Glorja tiegħi, u taħt id-dell tal-Providenza dejjiema tiegħeK ħallini ngħammar, O Dawl tiegħi! Fix-xagħriet ta’ qarbieneK, quddiem il-preżenza tiegħeK, ħalli nkun nista’ nimraħ, O Maħbub tiegħi, u fil-lemin tat-tron tal-ħniena tiegħeK, poġġini, O Xewqa tiegħi! Mill fewġiet imfewħa ta’ ferħeK ħalli nifs jgħaddi fuqi, O Għan tiegħi, u fil-għoljiet tal-ġenna tar-realtà tiegħeK ħallini nidħol, O Imqejjem tiegħi! L-għanjiet tal-ħamiema ta’ waħdaneK ħallini nisma’, O Middi, u mill-ispirtu tal-qawwa tiegħeK u s-setgħa tiegħeK ħeġġigni, O Fornitur tiegħi! Fl-ispirtu ta’ mħabbteK  żommni sod, O Għajnuna tiegħi, u fit-triq tal-għoġba tajba tiegħeK saħħaħli passejja, O Ħallieq tiegħi! Fil-ġnien tal-immortalità tiegħeK, quddiem wiċċeK, ħallini ngħammar għal dejjem, O Int Li ħanin miegħi, u fuq il-maqgħad tal-glorja tiegħeK waqqafni sod, O Int Possessur tiegħi! Lejn is-sema ta’ mħabbteK ħanina għollini, O Ħaġġieġ tiegħi, u lejn Kewbet il-Jum tat-tmexxija tiegħeK mexxini, O Int li tiġbidni lejK! Qabel wirjiet l-ispirtu inviżibbli tiegħeK isejħuli ħalli nkun preżenti, O Int il-Bidu tiegħi u l-Ogħla Xewqa tiegħi, u lejn l-essenza ta’ fwieħet il-ġmiel tiegħeK, li Int għad turi, ħallini nerġa’ lura, O Int Alla tiegħi. 

Setgħani Int li tagħmel dak li jogħġboK. Inti, fis-sewwa, l-Aktar Għoli, il-Glorjuż f’Kollox, l-Ogħla fuq Kollox.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB11356 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou peerless Lord!  Let this suckling babe be nursed from the breast of Thy loving-kindness, guard it within the cradle of Thy safety and protection and grant that it be reared in the arms of Thy tender affection.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[827] Prayer UUID: b383a3c6b613

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00015SUF (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Say: God sufficeth all things above all things, and nothing in the heavens or in the earth but God sufficeth.  Verily, He is in Himself the Knower, the Sustainer, the Omnipotent.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[833] Prayer UUID: bd9c65f5f3b1

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00009HOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: How can I choose to sleep, O God, my God, when the eyes of them that long for Thee are wakeful because of their separation from Thee; and how can I lie down to rest whilst the souls of Thy lovers are sore vexed in their remoteness from Thy presence?
      Last:  By Thy might!  I ask not, whether sleeping or waking, but that which Thou dost desire.  I am Thy servant and in Thy hands.  Do Thou graciously aid me to do what will shed forth the fragrance of Thy good pleasure.  This, truly, is my hope and the hope of them that enjoy near access to Thee.  Praised be Thou, O Lord of the worlds!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[835] Prayer UUID: c130dd0619fc

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (21 options):

  [1] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [2] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [3] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [4] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [5] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [6] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [7] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [8] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [9] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [10] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [11] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [12] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [13] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [14] BH07426FOO (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord!  Make Thy beauty to be my food, and Thy presence my drink, and Thy pleasure my hope, and praise of Thee my action, and remembrance of Thee my companion, and the power of Thy sovereignty my succorer, and Thy habitation my home, and my dwelling-place the seat Thou hast sanctified from the limitations imposed upon them who are shut out as by a veil from Thee.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Powerful.

  [15] BB00002ENA (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Enable all the peoples of the earth to gain admittance into the Paradise of Thy Faith, so that no created being may remain beyond the bounds of Thy good-pleasure.
      Last:  From time immemorial Thou hast been potent to do what pleaseth Thee and transcendent above whatsoever Thou desirest.

  [16] BH08264 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  Thou hearest Thine ardent lovers lamenting in their separation from Thee, and such as have recognized Thee wailing because of their remoteness from Thy presence.  Open Thou outwardly to their faces, O my Lord, the gates of Thy grace, that they may enter them by Thy leave and in conformity with Thy will, and may stand before the throne of Thy majesty, and catch the accents of Thy voice, and be illumined with the splendors of the light of Thy face.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [17] BH08852 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  One of Thy handmaidens, who hath believed in Thee and in Thy signs, hath entered beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness.  Give her to quaff, O my God, by Thy Name, the Manifest and the Hidden, of Thy choice sealed Wine that it may take her away from her own self, and make her to be entirely devoted to Thy remembrance, and wholly detached from any one beside Thee.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, the God of knowledge and wisdom.

  [18] BH09960 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  Thou art He Whom all things worship and Who worshipeth no one, Who is the Lord of all things and is the vassal of none, Who knoweth all things and is known of none. Thou didst wish to make Thyself known unto men; therefore, Thou didst, through a word of Thy mouth, bring creation into being and fashion the universe.  There is none other God except Thee, the Fashioner, the Creator, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.
      Last:  Thou art the God of power, of glory and bounty.  No God is there beside Thee, the Supreme Ruler, the All-Glorious, the Omniscient.

  [19] BB00374 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Vouchsafe unto me, O my God, the full measure of Thy love and Thy good-pleasure, and through the attractions of Thy resplendent light enrapture our hearts, O Thou Who art the Supreme Evidence and the All-Glorified.  Send down upon me, as a token of Thy grace, Thy vitalizing breezes, throughout the daytime and in the night season, O Lord of bounty.
      Last:  Indeed shouldst Thou desire to confer blessing upon a servant Thou wouldst blot out from the realm of his heart every mention or disposition except Thine Own mention; and shouldst Thou ordain evil for a servant by reason of that which his hands have unjustly wrought before Thy face, Thou wouldst test him with the benefits of this world and of the next that he might become preoccupied therewith and forget Thy remembrance.

  [20] BH03109KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God, exalted is He, the Lord of loving-kindness and bounty!
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Single, the Powerful, the Omniscient, the Bountiful.

  [21] BH00662FLO (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! I ask Thee, by Thy most glorious Name, to aid me in that which will cause the affairs of Thy servants to prosper, and Thy cities to flourish. Thou, indeed, hast power over all things!
      Last:  * Summons of the Lord of Hosts, p. 90.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[836] Prayer UUID: c3b3701a-8077-4bfd-8574-4c34d4cbb2c9

FULL TEXT (mt):
## Is-Sawm 

Tifħir lileK, O Sid Alla tiegħi! NitolboK f’ġieh din ir-Rivelazzjoni li biha d-dlam inbidel f’dawl, illi għaliha t-Tempju Miżjur kien inbena, u t-Tavla Miktuba murija, u Parċmina Miftuħa mikxufa, biex tniżżel fuqi u fuq dawk li huma mseħbin miegħi dak li jħallina nogħlew fis-smewwiet tal-glorja tiegħeK tisboq kollox, u jaħsilna  mit-tebgħa ta’ dawk id-dubji li xekklu lil dawk li ħasbu ħażin milli jidħlu fit-tabernaklu tal-għaqda tiegħeK. 
Jien huwa dak, O Sid tiegħi, li kien żamm sod-il-ħabel ta’ l-imħabba-ħanina tiegħeK, u ggranfa mal-keffa tal-ħniena u għoġbat tiegħeK. Amar Int għalija u għall-maħbubin tiegħi it-tajjeb ta’ din il-dinja u tad-dinja li ġejja. Fornihom, immela, bir-Rigal Moħbi li Int amart għall-aktar magħżuin fost il-ħlejjaq tiegħeK.
Dawn huma, O Sid tiegħi, il-jiem li fihom Int wissejt lill-qaddejja tiegħeK biex iħarsu s-sawm. Imbierek da li jħares is-sawm għall kollox imħabba fiK u bi qtugħ sħiħ mill-ħwejjeġ kollha barra minneK. Għinni u għin lilhom, O Sid tiegħi, ħalli jobduK u jħarsu l-amar tiegħeK. Int, fis-sew, ghandek, is-setgħa li tagħmel dak li Inti tagħżel. 
M’hemmx Alla għajreK,  Li Jaf-Kollox, il-Għaref f’Kollox. Kull tifħir lil Alla, is-Sid tad-dinjiet kollha.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH03562 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the prayer-hearing, prayer-answering God!
      Last:  Thou art verily the Almighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[837] Prayer UUID: c3e98e01b890

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (28 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [3] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

  [4] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [5] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [6] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [7] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [8] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [9] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [10] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [11] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [12] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [13] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [14] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [15] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [16] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [17] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [18] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [19] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [20] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [21] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [22] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [23] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [24] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [25] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [26] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [27] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [28] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[838] Prayer UUID: c59cd444c754

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[840] Prayer UUID: cadc6a420f86

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB07155WOM (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: My Lord! My Lord! I praise Thee and I thank Thee for that whereby Thou hast favored Thine humble maidservant, Thy slave beseeching and supplicating Thee, because Thou hast verily guided her unto Thine obvious Kingdom and caused her to hear thine exalted Call in the contingent world and to behold thy Signs which prove the appearance of Thy victorious reign over all things.
      Last:  O my Lord, I dedicate that which is in my womb unto Thee. Then cause it to be a praiseworthy child in Thy Kingdom and a fortunate one by Thy favor and Thy generosity; to develop and to grow up under the charge of Thine education. Verily, Thou art the Gracious! Verily, Thou art the Lord of Great Favor!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[844] Prayer UUID: cd9aa9344f80

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH09404 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified art Thou, O Lord of the entire creation, the One unto Whom all things must turn.  With my inner and outer tongues I bear witness that thou hast manifested and revealed Thyself, sent down Thy signs, and proclaimed Thy testimonies.  I testify to Thy self-sufficiency from aught else except Thee, and Thy sanctity above all earthly things.  I entreat Thee by the transcendent glory of Thy Cause and the supreme potency of Thy Word to grant confirmation unto him who desireth to offer what Thou hast prescribed unto him in Thy Book and to observe that which will shed forth the fragrance of Thine acceptance.  Verily Thou art the All-Mighty, the All-Gracious, the All-Forgiving, the All-Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[846] Prayer UUID: ce6d94f1aab5

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH01313NAM (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thy name is my healing, O my God, and remembrance of Thee is my remedy.  Nearness to Thee is my hope, and love for Thee is my companion.  Thy mercy to me is my healing and my succor in both this world and the world to come.  Thou, verily, art the All-Bountiful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[847] Prayer UUID: cfb2b749cbcd

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0003DIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God!  Dispel all those elements which are the cause of discord, and prepare for us all those things which are the cause of unity and accord!  O God!  Descend upon us Heavenly Fragrance and change this gathering into a gathering of Heaven!  Grant to us every benefit and every food.  Prepare for us the Food of Love!  Give us the Food of Knowledge!  Bestow on us the Food of Heavenly Illumination!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[848] Prayer UUID: d0cdea81452c

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Grant Thy favour, and bestow Thy blessing.  Vouchsafe Thy grace, and give a portion of Thy bounty.  Enable these men to witness during this year the fulfilment of their hopes.
      Last:  Send down Thy heavenly rain, and provide Thy plenteousness and abundance.  Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty.

  [2] BH00662FLO (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God! I ask Thee, by Thy most glorious Name, to aid me in that which will cause the affairs of Thy servants to prosper, and Thy cities to flourish. Thou, indeed, hast power over all things!
      Last:  * Summons of the Lord of Hosts, p. 90.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[849] Prayer UUID: d186082c3d09

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00662FLO (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God! I ask Thee, by Thy most glorious Name, to aid me in that which will cause the affairs of Thy servants to prosper, and Thy cities to flourish. Thou, indeed, hast power over all things!
      Last:  * Summons of the Lord of Hosts, p. 90.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[851] Prayer UUID: d48e20f8-4023-4f38-9ccf-a3ce2755aac1

FULL TEXT (mt):
*(Dit door Abdu’l-Baha geopenbaarde gebed wordt bij zijn graftombe gelezen. Het wordt ook voor persoonlijk gebed gebruikt.)

* Al wie dit gebed met innige ootmoed reciteert, zal vreugde en blijdschap brengen in het hart van deze dienaar; het zal zijn als hem van aangezicht tot aangezicht ontmoeten.

Hij is de Alglorierijke!
O God, mijn God! Ootmoedig en met tranen in de ogen hef ik mijn smekende handen tot U en verberg ik mijn gelaat in het stof van Uw Drempel, verheven boven de kennis van de geleerden en de lof van allen die U verheerlijken. Zie genadiglijk met de blik van barmhartigheid naar Uw dienaar, nederig en ootmoedig aan Uw deur, en dompel hem in de Oceaan van Uw eeuwige genade.
Heer! Hij is één Uwer arme en nederige dienaren die geboeid tot U smeekt, die gevangen in Uw hand vurig tot U bidt, die op U vertrouwend, in tranen voor Uw aangezicht, U aanroept en smekend tot U zegt:
O Heer, mijn God! Schenk mij Uw genade om Uw geliefden te dienen, sterk mij in mijn dienstbaarheid aan U, verlicht mijn voorhoofd met het licht van aanbidding in Uw hof van heiligheid, en van gebed tot Uw koninkrijk van grootheid. Help mij onzelfzuchtig te zijn aan de hemelse ingang van Uw poort en sta mij bij om onthecht te zijn van alle dingen binnen Uw heilige gebieden. Heer! Geef mij te drinken uit de kelk van onzelfzuchtigheid, kleed mij met haar mantel en dompel mij in haar oceaan.
Maak mij als stof op het pad van Uw geliefden, en vergun dat ik mijn ziel offere voor de aarde, geadeld door de voetstappen van Uw uitverkorenen op Uw pad, o Heer van Glorie in den Hoge.
Met dit gebed roept Uw dienaar U aan bij het gloren van de dag en bij het vallen van de nacht. Vervul zijn hartsverlangen, o Heer! Verlicht zijn hart, verblijd zijn gemoed, ontsteek zijn licht, dat hij Uw Zaak en Uw dienaren mag dienen.
Gij zijt de Schenker, de Medelijdende, de Almilddadige, de Genadige, de Barmhartige, de Meedogende.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH09085 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The Prayer for the Dead is the only Bahá’í obligatory prayer that is to be recited in congregation; it is to be recited by one believer while all present stand in silence.  Bahá’u’lláh has clarified that this prayer is required only when the deceased is over the age of fifteen, that its recital must precede interment, and that there is no requirement to face the Qiblih during its recitation.  “Alláh-u-Abhá” is said once; then the first of the six verses is recited nineteen times.  Then “Alláh-u-Abhá” is said again, followed by the second verse, which is recited nineteen times, and so on.
      Last:  *(If the dead be a woman, let him say: This is Thy handmaiden and the daughter of Thy handmaiden, etc...)

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[852] Prayer UUID: d48f4a738bd1

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00634 (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Praise be unto Thee, O Lord.  Forgive us our sins, have mercy upon us and enable us to return unto Thee.  Suffer us not to rely on aught else besides Thee, and vouchsafe unto us, through Thy bounty, that which Thou lovest and desirest and well beseemeth Thee.  Exalt the station of them that have truly believed, and forgive them with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[853] Prayer UUID: d5834078-2a0e-4977-8c83-ed4e390027b1

FULL TEXT (mt):
*Промовляється раз на добу, між полуднем і заходом сонця

Я засвідчую, о мій Боже, що Ти створив мене, щоб я пізнав Тебе і поклонявся Тобі. Свідчу в цю хвилину про своє безсилля і Твою могутність, про свою убогість і Твоє багатство.

Немає Бога, крім Тебе, Помічника у небезпеці, Самосущого.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BB00002ENA (Confidence: %!d(float64=27)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord!  Enable all the peoples of the earth to gain admittance into the Paradise of Thy Faith, so that no created being may remain beyond the bounds of Thy good-pleasure.
      Last:  From time immemorial Thou hast been potent to do what pleaseth Thee and transcendent above whatsoever Thou desirest.

  [2] BH00009HOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=37)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: How can I choose to sleep, O God, my God, when the eyes of them that long for Thee are wakeful because of their separation from Thee; and how can I lie down to rest whilst the souls of Thy lovers are sore vexed in their remoteness from Thy presence?
      Last:  By Thy might!  I ask not, whether sleeping or waking, but that which Thou dost desire.  I am Thy servant and in Thy hands.  Do Thou graciously aid me to do what will shed forth the fragrance of Thy good pleasure.  This, truly, is my hope and the hope of them that enjoy near access to Thee.  Praised be Thou, O Lord of the worlds!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[854] Prayer UUID: d648a16e730a

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (13 options):

  [1] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=65)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [2] BH03109KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=65)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God, exalted is He, the Lord of loving-kindness and bounty!
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Single, the Powerful, the Omniscient, the Bountiful.

  [3] BH08824 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified, O Lord my God, be Thy Name, whereby the trees of the garden of Thy Revelation have been clad with verdure, and been made to yield the fruits of holiness during this Springtime when the sweet savors of Thy favors and blessings have been wafted over all things, and caused them to bring forth whatsoever had been preordained for them in the Kingdom of Thine irrevocable decree and the Heaven of Thine immutable purpose. I beseech Thee by this very Name not to suffer me to be far from the court of Thy holiness, nor debarred from the exalted sanctuary of Thy unity and oneness.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XCVI

  [4] BH09289 (Confidence: %!d(float64=65)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me, O my God, to draw nigh unto Thee, and to abide within the precincts of Thy court, for remoteness from Thee hath well-nigh consumed me.  Cause me to rest under the shadow of the wings of Thy grace, for the flame of my separation from Thee hath melted my heart within me.  Draw me nearer unto the river that is life indeed, for my soul burneth with thirst in its ceaseless search after Thee.  My sighs, O my God, proclaim the bitterness of mine anguish, and the tears I shed attest my love for Thee.
      Last:  Glorified be Thy name, O Thou Who art the King of all Kings!

  [5] BH09162 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Whose face is the object of the adoration of all that yearn after Thee, Whose presence is the hope of such as are wholly devoted to Thy will, Whose nearness is the desire of all that have drawn nigh unto Thy court, Whose countenance is the companion of those who have recognized Thy truth, Whose name is the mover of the souls that long to behold Thy face, Whose voice is the true life of Thy lovers, the words of Whose mouth are as the waters of life unto all who are in heaven and on earth!
      Last:  No God is there beside Thee, the Mighty, the Ever-Abiding, the All-Bounteous, the Most Generous.

  [6] BH11278RIV (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Make manifest the rivers of Thy sovereign might, that the waters of Thy Unity may flow through the inmost realities of all things, in such wise that the banner of Thine unfailing guidance may be raised aloft in the kingdom of Thy command and the stars of Thy divine splendor may shine brightly in the heaven of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou, verily, art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [7] BH00868WIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: My God, Whom I worship and adore!  I bear witness unto Thy unity and Thy oneness, and acknowledge Thy gifts, both in the past and in the present.  Thou art the All-Bountiful, the overflowing showers of Whose mercy have rained down upon high and low alike, and the splendors of Whose grace have been shed over both the obedient and the rebellious.
      Last:  All are but poor and needy, and Thou, verily, art the All-Possessing, the All-Subduing, the All-Powerful.

  [8] BB00485TRE (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I am aware, O Lord, that my trespasses have covered my face with shame in Thy presence, and have burdened my back before Thee, have intervened between me and Thy beauteous countenance, have compassed me from every direction and have hindered me on all sides from gaining access unto the revelations of Thy celestial power.
      Last:  O Lord!  If Thou forgivest me not, who is there then to grant pardon, and if Thou hast no mercy upon me who is capable of showing compassion?  Glory be unto Thee, Thou didst create me when I was non-existent and Thou didst nourish me while I was devoid of any understanding.  Praise be unto Thee, every evidence of bounty proceedeth from Thee and every token of grace emanateth from the treasuries of Thy decree.

  [9] BH00009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God, my Master, the Goal of my desire!  This, Thy servant, seeketh to sleep in the shelter of Thy mercy, and to repose beneath the canopy of Thy grace, imploring Thy care and Thy protection.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Subduing, the Unconditioned.

  [10] BB00621 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised and glorified art Thou, O God!  Grant that the day of attaining Thy holy presence may be fast approaching.  Cheer our hearts through the potency of Thy love and good-pleasure, and bestow upon us steadfastness that we may willingly submit to Thy Will and Thy Decree. Verily, Thy knowledge embraceth all the things Thou hast created or wilt create, and Thy celestial might transcendeth whatsoever Thou hast called or wilt call into being.  There is none to be worshiped but Thee, there is none to be desired except Thee, there is none to be adored besides Thee and there is naught to be loved save Thy good-pleasure.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the supreme Ruler, the Sovereign Truth, the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [11] BH08242 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee, by Thy Name which none hath befittingly recognized, and whose import no soul hath fathomed; I beseech Thee, by Him Who is the Fountainhead of Thy Revelation and the Dayspring of Thy signs, to make my heart to be a receptacle of Thy love and of remembrance of Thee.  Knit it, then, to Thy most great Ocean, that from it may flow out the living waters of Thy wisdom and the crystal streams of Thy glorification and praise.
      Last:  Thou, verily, art the Most Powerful, the Most High, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [12] BH09848 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee by the onrushing winds of Thy grace, and by them Who are the Daysprings of Thy purpose and the Dawning-Places of Thine inspiration, to send down upon me and upon all that have sought Thy face that which beseemeth Thy generosity and bountiful grace, and is worthy of Thy bestowals and favors.  Poor and desolate I am, O my Lord!  Immerse me in the ocean of Thy wealth; athirst, suffer me to drink from the living waters of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, by Thine own Self and by Him Whom Thou hast appointed as the Manifestation of Thine own Being and Thy discriminating Word unto all that are in heaven and on earth, to gather together Thy servants beneath the shade of the Tree of Thy gracious providence. Help them, then, to partake of its fruits, to incline their ears to the rustling of its leaves, and to the sweetness of the voice of the Bird that chanteth upon its branches.  Thou art, verily, the Help in Peril, the Inaccessible, the Almighty, the Most Bountiful.

  [13] BH03181 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Bestower, the Bounteous!
      Last:  And when He desired to manifest grace and beneficence to men, and to set the world in order, He revealed observances and created laws; among them He established the law of marriage, made it as a fortress for well-being and salvation, and enjoined it upon us in that which was sent down out of the heaven of sanctity in His Most Holy Book.  He saith, great is His glory: “Enter into wedlock, O people, that ye may bring forth one who will make mention of me amid My servants.  This is My bidding unto you; hold fast to it as an assistance to yourselves.”

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[858] Prayer UUID: dde903e2

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0129EDU (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God!  Educate these children.  These children are the plants of Thine orchard, the flowers of Thy meadow, the roses of Thy garden. Let Thy rain fall upon them; let the Sun of Reality shine upon them with Thy love.  Let Thy breeze refresh them in order that they may be trained, grow and develop, and appear in the utmost beauty.  Thou art the Giver.  Thou art the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[859] Prayer UUID: e40d88736b61

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0188TUR (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! O my God! Verily, these servants are turning to Thee, supplicating Thy kingdom of mercy. Verily, they are attracted by Thy holiness and set aglow with the fire of Thy love, seeking confirmation from Thy wondrous kingdom, and hoping for attainment in Thy heavenly realm. Verily, they long for the descent of Thy bestowal, desiring illumination from the Sun of Reality. O Lord! Make them radiant lamps, merciful signs, fruitful trees and shining stars. May they come forth in Thy service and be connected with Thee by the bonds and ties of Thy love, longing for the lights of Thy favor. O Lord! Make them signs of guidance, standards of Thine immortal kingdom, waves of the sea of Thy mercy, mirrors of the light of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous. Verily, Thou art the Merciful. Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Beloved.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[861] Prayer UUID: e4e27315-ff0b-4340-91d0-428bd6fae383

FULL TEXT (mt):
## MŌ TE MURUNGA HARA

E Koe e Te Atua Tohu! Ko Koe hoki te rūruhau o ēnei katoa Āu pononga. E mōhio ana Koe ki ngā mea huna, e mātau ana ki ngā mea katoa. Kāore ō mātou āheinga, ko Koe rā te Māia me te Kaha Rawa. He hunga hara katoa mātou, ko Koe rā te Kaimuru i ngā hara katoa, te Atua Tohu, Atawhai hoki. E Te Atua! Kauaka ā mātou hapa e tirohia. Whakawāngia mātou e ai ki Tō aroha tohu, me Tō Whairawa. He nui ā mātou hara, engari, ko te Mōana o Tōu Aroha noa he mutungakore. He taimaha tō mātou ngoikore, ēngari, ko ngā taunakitanga o Tāu āwhina mai me Tō atawhai he marama. Nō reira, whakatūturutia, whakamanawanuitia mai mātou. Whakakahangia mai mātou kia ahei ai ki ta Tau Paepae e tau ai. Whakamaramatia mai ō mātou ngākau, tukua mai ki a mātou he karu, he taringa arohaehae. Whakahauorangia te hunga mate, whakaorahia mai te hunga māuiui. Tukua ki te hunga pōhara he whairawa, ki te hunga wehi, te rangimārie me te whaimaru. Pōwhiritia mātou ki Tōu Kīngitanga, whakamāramatia mai hoki mātou ki te rama o te aratakinga. Ko Koe te Tino Kaha me te Kaha Rawa. Ko Koe te Kaingākaunui. Ko Koe te Kaihora i te marino. Ko Koe te Atawhai.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God!  Grant Thy favour, and bestow Thy blessing.  Vouchsafe Thy grace, and give a portion of Thy bounty.  Enable these men to witness during this year the fulfilment of their hopes.
      Last:  Send down Thy heavenly rain, and provide Thy plenteousness and abundance.  Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty.

  [2] BB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[864] Prayer UUID: eb00b58b7e1d

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10769 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my Lord, my Beloved, my Desire! Befriend me in my loneliness and accompany me in my exile. Remove my sorrow. Cause me to be devoted to Thy beauty. Withdraw me from all else save Thee. Attract me through Thy fragrances of holiness. Cause me to be associated in Thy Kingdom with those who are severed from all else save Thee, who long to serve Thy sacred threshold and who stand to work in Thy Cause. Enable me to be one of Thy maidservants who have attained to Thy good pleasure. Verily, Thou art the Gracious, the Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[866] Prayer UUID: f0298a7c-fb7b-44a0-a927-4eecff91ca2a

FULL TEXT (mt):
Všetka chvála, ó môj Bože, buď Tebe, ktorý si Zdroj všetkej slávy a majestátnosti, významnosti a cti, zvrchovanosti a vlastníctva, vznešenosti a milosti, úžasu a sily. K Najväčšiemu oceánu privedieš každého, koho si praješ, a každému, komu si želáš, udelíš česť uznať Tvoje Najpradávnejšie meno. Zo všetkých, ktorí sú v nebi a na zemi, nik nedokáže odolať pôsobeniu Tvojej zvrchovanej vôle. Od samej večnosti si panoval celému stvoreniu a i naďalej budeš vládnuť všetkému stvorenému. Niet Boha okrem Teba, nadovšetko Mocného, Najvznešenejšieho, Všemohúceho, nadovšetko Múdreho.
Rozjasni, ó Pane, tvár Svojich služobníkov, aby na Teba mohli hľadieť, a očisti im srdce, aby sa mohli obrátiť k dvoru Tvojej nebeskej priazne a uznať Toho, kto je Prejav Tvojho Bytia a Miesto rozbresku Tvojej Podstaty. Vskutku, Ty si Pán všetkých svetov. Niet Boha okrem Teba, Neobmedzeného, všetko si Podmaňujúceho.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (5 options):

  [1] BH00238 (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Light and glory, greeting and praise be upon the Hands of His Cause, through whom the light of fortitude hath shone forth and the truth hath been established that the authority to choose rests with God, the Powerful, the Mighty, the Unconstrained, through whom the ocean of bounty hath surged and the fragrance of the gracious favors of God, the Lord of mankind, hath been diffused.  We beseech Him—exalted is He—to shield them through the power of His hosts, to protect them through the potency of His dominion, and to aid them through His indomitable strength which prevaileth over all created things.  Sovereignty is God's, the Creator of the heavens and the Lord of the Kingdom of Names.
      Last:  * Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh, Lawh-i-Dunyá (Tablet of the World)

  [2] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [3] BH00662FLO (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O my God! I ask Thee, by Thy most glorious Name, to aid me in that which will cause the affairs of Thy servants to prosper, and Thy cities to flourish. Thou, indeed, hast power over all things!
      Last:  * Summons of the Lord of Hosts, p. 90.

  [4] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [5] BH00223MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Say: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name through which the splendor of the light of wisdom shone resplendent when the heavens of divine utterance were set in motion amidst mankind, to graciously aid me by Thy heavenly confirmations and enable me to extol Thy Name amongst Thy servants.
      Last:  Verily, potent art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest, and in Thy grasp Thou holdest the kingdom of creation.  There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[867] Prayer UUID: f15cba497076

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB07304 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou forgiving Lord!
      Last:  Thou art the Forgiver, the Lightgiver and the Omnipotent.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[869] Prayer UUID: f480b14a-ec7c-4222-9701-46d54cc6e055

FULL TEXT (mt):
О Господи! Зроби дітей сих прекрасними саджанцями. Дозволь їм зростати й розвиватися в Саду Твого Завіту і надай їм свіжості й краси зливами з хмар Царства Абга. О Ти, добрий Господи! Я дитя мале – звелич мене, допустивши до царства. Земний я – зроби мене небесним; належу до світу нижчого – дозволь мені бути частиною царини вищого; похмурий я – благослови мете стати сяючим; матеріальний – зроби мене духовним і сподоби виявляти Твої нескінченні щедроти.

Ти Сильний, Вселюблячий.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [2] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[870] Prayer UUID: fa000c1050ab

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00009SHE (Confidence: %!d(float64=42)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I have wakened in Thy shelter, O my God, and it becometh him that seeketh that shelter to abide within the Sanctuary of Thy protection and the Stronghold of Thy defense.  Illumine my inner being, O my Lord, with the splendors of the Dayspring of Thy Revelation, even as thou didst illumine my outer being with the morning light of Thy favor.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[872] Prayer UUID: fcdb3d57a998

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (20 options):

  [1] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [2] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [3] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [4] BH07663 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O Lord my God! Behold Thou mine eye expectant to gaze on the wonders of Thy mercy, and mine ear longing to hearken unto Thy sweet melodies, and my heart yearning for the living waters of Thy knowledge. Thou seest Thy handmaiden, O my God, standing before the habitation of Thy mercy, and calling upon Thee by Thy name which Thou hast chosen above all other names and set up over all that are in heaven and on earth. Send down upon her the breaths of Thy mercy, that she may be carried away wholly from herself, and be drawn entirely towards the seat which, resplendent with the glory of Thy face, sheddeth afar the radiance of Thy sovereignty, and is established as Thy throne. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there beside Thee, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

  [5] BH09404 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified art Thou, O Lord of the entire creation, the One unto Whom all things must turn.  With my inner and outer tongues I bear witness that thou hast manifested and revealed Thyself, sent down Thy signs, and proclaimed Thy testimonies.  I testify to Thy self-sufficiency from aught else except Thee, and Thy sanctity above all earthly things.  I entreat Thee by the transcendent glory of Thy Cause and the supreme potency of Thy Word to grant confirmation unto him who desireth to offer what Thou hast prescribed unto him in Thy Book and to observe that which will shed forth the fragrance of Thine acceptance.  Verily Thou art the All-Mighty, the All-Gracious, the All-Forgiving, the All-Generous.

  [6] BH00634 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be unto Thee, O Lord.  Forgive us our sins, have mercy upon us and enable us to return unto Thee.  Suffer us not to rely on aught else besides Thee, and vouchsafe unto us, through Thy bounty, that which Thou lovest and desirest and well beseemeth Thee.  Exalt the station of them that have truly believed, and forgive them with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [7] BH09399 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  My face hath been set towards Thy face, and my face is, verily, Thy face, and my call is Thy call, and my Revelation Thy Revelation, and my self Thy Self, and my Cause Thy Cause, and my behest Thy behest, and my Being Thy Being, and my sovereignty Thy sovereignty, and my glory Thy glory, and my power Thy power.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the Self-Subsisting.

  [8] BH07426DRE (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou, at Whose dreadful majesty all things have trembled, in Whose grasp are the affairs of all men, towards Whose grace and mercy are set the faces of all Thy creatures!  I entreat Thee, by Thy Name which Thou hast ordained to be the spirit of all names that are in the kingdom of names, to shield us from the whisperings of those who have turned away from Thee, and have repudiated the truth of Thy most august and most exalted Self, in this Revelation that hath caused the kingdom of Thy names to tremble.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the God of power, of strength and glory.

  [9] BH02898MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God! I am the one who hath turned his face towards Thee and hath placed his whole reliance in Thee. I implore Thee by Thy Name whereby the ocean of Thine utterance hath surged and the breezes of Thy knowledge have stirred, to grant that I may be graciously aided to serve Thy Cause and be inspired to remember Thee and praise Thee. Send down then upon me from the heaven of Thy generosity that which will preserve me from anyone but Thee and will profit me in all Thy worlds.
      Last:  * Tablets, p. 268-269.

  [10] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [11] BH07657 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by this Revelation whereby darkness hath been turned into light, through which the Frequented Fane hath been built, and the Written Tablet revealed, and the Outspread Roll uncovered, to send down upon me and upon them who are in my company that which will enable us to soar into the heavens of Thy transcendent glory, and will wash us from the stain of such doubts as have hindered the suspicious from entering into the tabernacle of Thy unity.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.  All praise be to God, the Lord of all worlds.

  [12] BH02524 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  But for the tribulations which are sustained in Thy path, how could Thy true lovers be recognized; and were it not for the trials which are borne for love of Thee, how could the station of such as yearn for Thee be revealed?  Thy might beareth me witness! The companions of all who adore Thee are the tears they shed, and the comforters of such as seek Thee are the groans they utter, and the food of them who haste to meet Thee is the fragments of their broken hearts.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [13] BH08308 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Abase not him whom Thou hast exalted through the power of Thine everlasting sovereignty, and remove not far from Thee him whom Thou hast caused to enter the tabernacle of Thine eternity.  Wilt Thou cast away, O my God, him whom Thou hast overshadowed with Thy Lordship, and wilt Thou turn away from Thee, O my Desire, him to whom Thou hast been a refuge?  Canst Thou degrade him whom Thou hast uplifted, or forget him whom Thou didst enable to remember Thee?
      Last:  Glorified, immeasurably glorified art Thou!  Thou art adored in Thy truth, and Thee do we all, verily, worship; and Thou art manifest in Thy justice, and to thee do we all, verily, bear witness.  Thou art, in truth, beloved in Thy grace.  No God is there but Thee, the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [14] BH10581 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be unto Thee, O Lord my God!  We have observed the Fast in conformity with Thy bidding and break it now through Thy love and Thy good-pleasure.  Deign to accept, O my God, the deeds that we have performed in Thy path wholly for the sake of Thy beauty with our faces set towards Thy Cause, free from aught else but Thee.  Bestow, then, Thy forgiveness upon us, upon our forefathers, and upon all such as have believed in Thee and in Thy mighty signs in this most great, this most glorious Revelation.  Potent art Thou to do what Thou choosest. Thou art, verily, the Most Exalted, the Almighty, the Unconstrained.

  [15] BH07780 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  I am Thy servant who hath laid hold on the cord of Thy tender mercies, and clung to the hem of Thy bounteousness.  I entreat Thee by Thy name whereby Thou hast subjected all created things, both visible and invisible, and through which the breath that is life indeed was wafted over the entire creation, to strengthen me by Thy power which hath encompassed the heavens and the earth, and to guard me from all sickness and tribulation.  I bear witness that Thou art the Lord of all names, and the Ordainer of all that may please Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.
      Last:  Thou, truly, art the Help in Peril through the power of Thy sovereignty.  No God is there save Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [16] BH00662FLO (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God! I ask Thee, by Thy most glorious Name, to aid me in that which will cause the affairs of Thy servants to prosper, and Thy cities to flourish. Thou, indeed, hast power over all things!
      Last:  * Summons of the Lord of Hosts, p. 90.

  [17] BH09874 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! Every man of insight confesseth Thy sovereignty and Thy dominion, and every discerning eye perceiveth the greatness of Thy majesty and the compelling power of Thy might. The winds of tests are powerless to hold back them that enjoy near access to Thee from setting their faces towards the horizon of Thy glory, and the tempests of trials must fail to draw away and hinder such as are wholly devoted to Thy will from approaching Thy court.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my God, by them and by the sighs which their hearts utter in their separation from Thee, to keep them safe from the mischief of Thine adversaries, and to nourish their souls with what Thou hast ordained for Thy loved ones on whom shall come no fear and who shall not be put to grief.

  [18] BH10127 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of Him Who hath been promised in the Books of God, the All-Knowing, the All-Informed!  The days of fasting have arrived wherein those servants who circle round Thy throne and have attained Thy presence have fasted.  Say: O God of names and creator of heaven and earth!  I beg of Thee by Thy Name, the All-Glorious, to accept the fast of those who have fasted for love of Thee and for the sake of Thy good-pleasure and have carried out what Thou hast bidden them in Thy Books and Tablets.  I beseech Thee by them to assist me in the promotion of Thy Cause and to make me steadfast in Thy love, that my footsteps may not slip on account of the clamor of Thy creatures. Verily, Thou art powerful over whatsoever Thou willest.  No God is there but Thee, the Quickener, the All-Powerful, the Most Bountiful, the Ancient of Days.

  [19] BH10578 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I entreat Thee by Thy Name through which the Hour hath struck, and the Resurrection came to pass, and fear and trembling seized all that are in heaven and all that are on earth, to rain down, out of the heaven of Thy mercy and the clouds of Thy tender compassion, what will gladden the hearts of Thy servants, who have turned towards Thee and helped Thy Cause.
      Last:  Thou, truly, art the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [20] BH00005SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest me, O my Lord, with my face turned towards the heaven of Thy bounty and the ocean of Thy favor, withdrawn from all else beside Thee.  I ask of Thee, by the splendors of the Sun of Thy revelation on Sinai, and the effulgences of the Orb of Thy grace which shineth from the horizon of Thy Name, the Ever-Forgiving, to grant me Thy pardon and to have mercy upon me.  Write down, then, for me with Thy pen of glory that which will exalt me through Thy Name in the world of creation.  Aid me, O my Lord, to set myself towards Thee, and to hearken unto the voice of Thy loved ones, whom the powers of the earth have failed to weaken, and the dominion of the nations has been powerless to withhold from Thee, and who, advancing towards Thee, have said: “God is our Lord, the Lord of all who are in heaven and all who are on earth!”

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[873] Prayer UUID: ffbe3d291ea6

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00009HOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=57)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: How can I choose to sleep, O God, my God, when the eyes of them that long for Thee are wakeful because of their separation from Thee; and how can I lie down to rest whilst the souls of Thy lovers are sore vexed in their remoteness from Thy presence?
      Last:  By Thy might!  I ask not, whether sleeping or waking, but that which Thou dost desire.  I am Thy servant and in Thy hands.  Do Thou graciously aid me to do what will shed forth the fragrance of Thy good pleasure.  This, truly, is my hope and the hope of them that enjoy near access to Thee.  Praised be Thou, O Lord of the worlds!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________


═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
LANGUAGE: PL
═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[878] Prayer UUID: 2f9e9e8bd1d2

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00001 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0.85)%, Type: LIKELY)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[889] Prayer UUID: bb036064-d82c-4abd-a761-852c786f7b7d

FULL TEXT (pt):
(... a mãe é a primeira educadora da criança. É ela quem deve, desde os primeiros dias, amamentar o recém-nascido no seio da Fé e da Lei de Deus, de modo que nele penetre o amor divino ao mesmo tempo que o leite materno, e nele permaneça até ao último suspiro.)Louvado sejas Tu, ó Senhor meu Deus! Benevolamente permite que esta criança seja alimentada do peito da Tua terna misericórdia e carinhosa providência, e nutrida com o fruto das Tuas árvores celestiais. Não a deixes ser entregue ao cuidado de outro, senão de Ti, desde que Tu próprio, através da potência da Tua vontade soberana e do Teu supremo poder, a criaste e chamaste à existência. Nenhum outro Deus há, salvo Tu, o Todo Poderoso, o Omnisciente.
Magnificado és Tu, ó meu Mais Amado! Faze manarem sobre ela os doces sabores da Tua transcendente generosidade e as fragrâncias das Tuas santas dádivas. Ajuda-a, então, a buscar amparo à sombra do Teu mais exaltado Nome, ó Tu que seguras nas mãos o reino dos nomes e atributos. Em verdade, Tu és potente para fazer o que desejas e verdadeiramente, és o Poderoso, o Excelso, o Deus de eterna clemência, o Benévolo, o Generoso, o Misericordioso.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH00001ABI (Confidence: %!d(float64=53.4)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Bahá’í marriage is union and cordial affection between the two parties.  They must, however, exercise the utmost care and become acquainted with each other's character.  This eternal bond should be made secure by a firm covenant, and the intention should be to foster harmony, fellowship and unity and to attain everlasting life.” —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  “We will, all, verily, abide by the Will of God.”

  [2] AB03461MAR (Confidence: %!d(float64=53.4)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Bahá’í marriage is union and cordial affection between the two parties.  They must, however, exercise the utmost care and become acquainted with each other's character.  This eternal bond should be made secure by a firm covenant, and the intention should be to foster harmony, fellowship and unity and to attain everlasting life.” —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  “We will, all, verily, abide by the Will of God.”

  [3] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50.9)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[891] Prayer UUID: bfca5d6e7

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00004 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[893] Prayer UUID: d4eb2d5f0f2

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00003 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0.92)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[894] Prayer UUID: e2aa2f2bd1bc2

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00002 (Confidence: %!d(float64=0.9)%, Type: LIKELY)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[897] Prayer UUID: 010e0cb2-03eb-429d-a724-c40967d70c67

FULL TEXT (ro):
단식기도



「케탑-에-악다스」에 다음과 같이 기록되어 있다. “나는 그대들이 성년(15세)이 되면서부터 기도와 단식을 하도록 명하였노니, 이것은 그대들의 주이시며, 그대들 선조의 주이신 하느님께서 정하신 것이니라…. 여행자, 환자, 임산부,유모는 단식을 하지 않아도 되느니라…. 일출부터 일몰까지 식음을 금하라. 그리고 욕망이 그대들에게서 성서에 정해진 이 은총을 빼앗아 가지않도록 조심하라.”
단식 기간은 3월 2일부터 3월 20일까지이다.



저와 저의 동반자, 저와 제가 사랑하는 이들을, 저와 주님의 종들 을

주, 저의 하느님! 주님께 찬미드리옵나이다.어둠이 광명으로 변하고 인적이 끊이지 않는 성전(聖殿)이 세워졌으며 기록된 성한이 계시 되고 펼쳐진 족자가 드러나게 한 이 계시에 의지하여 간원하옵나니, 저와 저의 동반자들로 하여금 주님의 초월적 영광의 하늘들에 오를 수 있게 할 것들과, 의심하는 이들에게 주님의 일체성의 성전(聖殿)으로 들어감에 방해가 되게 했던 의심의 오점(汚點)을 씻어버릴 수 있게 할 것들을 내려 주시옵소서.
저의 주여, 저는 주님의 자애의 밧줄을 굳게 붙잡고, 주님의 자비와 은총의 옷자락에 매달린 사람이옵나이다. 저와 제가 사랑하는 이들을 위하여 현세와 내세의 좋은 것들을 정해 주시옵소서. 그리고 주님의 창조물 중의 선량(選良)들을 위하여 감추어 두신 선물을 그들에게 내려 주시옵소서.
저의 주여, 지금은 주께서 종들에게 단식을 지키도록 명하신 날들이옵나이다. 오로지 주님을 위하여, 그리고 주님 이외의 모든 것에서 완전히 초탈하여 단식을 지키는 이는 복이 있사옵나이다. 저의 주여, 주님께 순종하고 주님의 가르침을 지키도록 저와 제가 사랑하는 이들을 도와주시옵소서. 진실로 주님께는 뜻대로 하실 수 있는 힘이 있사옵나이다.
전지하시고 영명하신 주님 이외에 다른 하느님이 없사옵나이다. 모든 세계의 주이신 하느님께 무상(無上)의 찬미를 드리옵나이다.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[898] Prayer UUID: 0250a5587afb

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00094WEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let whosoever travels to different parts to teach, peruse over mountain, desert, land and sea this supplication.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Most Merciful of the merciful.

  [2] ABU0023UNI (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Verily, I invoke Thee and supplicate before Thy threshold, asking Thee that all Thy mercies may descend upon these souls.  Specialize them for Thy favor and Thy truth.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Almighty, the Self-Subsistent, the Giver, the Forgiving, the Pardoner, the Omniscient, the One Creator.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[903] Prayer UUID: 15ba1a13-d434-4d5f-9b26-a26f378cee7f

FULL TEXT (ro):
Glorificado és Tu, ó Senhor meu Deus! A minha língua, tanto a do corpo como a do coração, os meus órgãos e membros, todas as veias que pulsam dentro de mim e cada fio de cabelo – tudo proclama que Tu és Deus e não há outro Deus além de Ti. Desde a eternidade, Tu estás imensuravelmente elevado acima de toda a comparação e de toda a semelhança, e santificado de tudo o que pertence à criação por Ti moldada. Desde toda a eternidade estás só, não havendo quem possa partilhar da Tua majestosa unicidade, e permaneces muito acima das mudanças e vicissitudes às quais estão sujeitas todas as Tuas criaturas.
E quando intentaste demonstrar o poder da Tua soberana grandeza, glorificar a Tua palavra e guiar os passos do Teu povo, ergueste dentre as Tuas criaturas Um dos Teus servos, a Quem mandaste revelar os sinais da Tua soberania, e dotaste das claras evidências da Tua unicidade, para que Ele cumprisse o Teu testemunho perante toda a criação e consumasse a Tua prova diante de todos os homens.
Assim que Ele se revelou – segundo havias ordenado – e chamou os Teus servos para se volverem na direção das Tuas dádivas e voltarem as suas faces para o horizonte do Teu conhecimento, sinais de dissensão apareceram entre eles. Alguns responderam ao Teu chamado, obedecendo sem a mínima hesitação, enquanto outros Te viraram as costas, seguindo os desejos de uma inclinação corrupta.
Imploro-Te, ó meu Deus, pelo Teu Nome Supremo, que extasies as nações pela potência da Palavra que ordenaste fosse a soberana de todas as palavras – Palavra graças à qual as valiosas pérolas da Tua sabedoria oculta foram descobertas e os preciosos mistérios em Ti envolvidos se desvendaram. Pela Tua graça e bondade, não as prives das coisas que para elas desejaste, nem permitas que se afastem das praias do oceano da Tua presença.
Toda a existência, seja visível ou invisível, ó meu Senhor, atesta que a Tua misericórdia a tudo excedeu e a Tua terna bondade abrangeu a criação inteira. Dirige-lhes, eu Te suplico, o olhar da Tua misericórdia. És Quem sempre perdoa, o Mais Compassivo. Trata-os de acordo com a Tua glória, a Tua majestade, a Tua grandeza, a Tua generosidade e a Tua graça, e não segundo as limitações que lhes foram impostas ou as múltiplas vicissitudes da sua vida terrena.
Tu, ó meu Deus, sabes que sou apenas um dos Teus servos. Saboreei a doçura das Tuas palavras, confessei a Tua unidade e a Tua unicidade, volvi a face para a Fonte dos Teus mais excelentes nomes e para a Aurora dos Teus atributos transcendentes, desejoso de ser por Ti capacitado para me imergir no oceano da Tua unidade, nas poderosas águas da Tua unicidade.
Ajuda-me pela Tua graça fortalecedora, ó meu Senhor, a fazer o que Tu ordenaste e não me negues as coisas que possuis. Extasia-me com as maravilhas das Tuas palavras a tal ponto que o ruído e as distrações deste mundo não tenham o poder de impedir que eu me volva para Ti, nem possam abalar a minha constância na Tua Causa ou desviar os meus olhos do horizonte da Tua graça. Que eu faça, pois, com o Teu auxílio, ó meu Deus, o que Te agrade, e cumpra a Tua vontade. Destina-me, ainda mais, o bem deste mundo e do vindouro e ordena-me um assento de verdade na Tua presença. Potente és para fazer o que desejas e reger como Te apraz. Nenhum Deus há senão Tu, o Inatingível, o Todo-Glorioso, o Supremo.
Todo o louvor a Ti, ó Senhor dos mundos e objeto de adoração de todos os seres criados!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BH08824 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified, O Lord my God, be Thy Name, whereby the trees of the garden of Thy Revelation have been clad with verdure, and been made to yield the fruits of holiness during this Springtime when the sweet savors of Thy favors and blessings have been wafted over all things, and caused them to bring forth whatsoever had been preordained for them in the Kingdom of Thine irrevocable decree and the Heaven of Thine immutable purpose. I beseech Thee by this very Name not to suffer me to be far from the court of Thy holiness, nor debarred from the exalted sanctuary of Thy unity and oneness.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XCVI

  [2] BH00634 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be unto Thee, O Lord.  Forgive us our sins, have mercy upon us and enable us to return unto Thee.  Suffer us not to rely on aught else besides Thee, and vouchsafe unto us, through Thy bounty, that which Thou lovest and desirest and well beseemeth Thee.  Exalt the station of them that have truly believed, and forgive them with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [3] BB00002MEN (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O God.  How can I make mention of Thee while Thou art sanctified from the praise of all mankind.  Magnified be Thy Name, O God, Thou art the King, the Eternal Truth; Thou knowest what is in the heavens and on the earth, and unto Thee must all return.  Thou hast sent down Thy divinely ordained Revelation according to a clear measure.  Praised art Thou, O Lord!  At Thy behest Thou dost render victorious whomsoever Thou willest, through the hosts of heaven and earth and whatsoever existeth between them.  Thou art the Sovereign, the Eternal Truth, the Lord of invincible might.
      Last:  Glorified art Thou, O Lord!  Thou forgivest at all times the sins of such among Thy servants as implore Thy pardon.  Wash away my sins and the sins of those who seek Thy forgiveness at dawn, who pray to Thee in the daytime and in the night season, who yearn after naught save God, who offer up whatsoever God hath graciously bestowed upon them, who celebrate Thy praise at morn and eventide, and who are not remiss in their duties.

  [4] BH09874 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! Every man of insight confesseth Thy sovereignty and Thy dominion, and every discerning eye perceiveth the greatness of Thy majesty and the compelling power of Thy might. The winds of tests are powerless to hold back them that enjoy near access to Thee from setting their faces towards the horizon of Thy glory, and the tempests of trials must fail to draw away and hinder such as are wholly devoted to Thy will from approaching Thy court.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my God, by them and by the sighs which their hearts utter in their separation from Thee, to keep them safe from the mischief of Thine adversaries, and to nourish their souls with what Thou hast ordained for Thy loved ones on whom shall come no fear and who shall not be put to grief.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[905] Prayer UUID: 19e09579-17b3-4ff9-95c9-874da855cae1

FULL TEXT (ro):
이 젊은이를, 이 미천한 이에게

주님이시여, 이 젊은이를 빛나게 해 주시옵고, 이 미천한 이에게 주님의 은총을 베풀어 주소서. 이 사람에게 지식을 내려 주시옵고, 아침마다 힘을 더해 주시오며, 이 사람을 주님의 보호의 피난소 안에 지켜 주시와, 이 사람이 잘못으로부터 해방되어 주님의 성업에 헌신하고, 길 잃은 이들을 인도하며, 불행한 이들을 이끌어 주고, 묶여있는 이들을 풀어 주며, 조심성 없는 이들을 일깨워서 모두가 주님을 기억하고 찬미하여 축복을 받을 수 있도록 해 주소서. 주님은 강대하신 분이시옵고, 강력하신 분이시옵나이다.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[906] Prayer UUID: 1cbf9a475d84

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [2] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

  [3] AB00787SPL (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, O Thou Who hast cast Thy splendor over the luminous realities of men, shedding upon them the resplendent lights of knowledge and guidance, and hast chosen them out of all created things for this supernal grace, and hast caused them to encompass all things, to understand their inmost essence, and to disclose their mysteries, bringing them forth out of darkness into the visible world! “He verily showeth His special mercy to whomsoever He will.”¹
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 55:19-22.

  [4] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[908] Prayer UUID: 24996195fe0c

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God, my Master, the Goal of my desire!  This, Thy servant, seeketh to sleep in the shelter of Thy mercy, and to repose beneath the canopy of Thy grace, imploring Thy care and Thy protection.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Subduing, the Unconditioned.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[909] Prayer UUID: 28e8c317fdec

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB05167 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou knowest, O God, and art my witness that I have no desire in my heart save to attain Thy good pleasure, to be confirmed in servitude unto Thee, to consecrate myself in Thy service, to labor in Thy great vineyard and to sacrifice all in Thy path.  Thou art the All-Knowing and the All-Seeing.  I have no wish save to turn my steps, in my love for Thee, towards the mountains and the deserts to loudly proclaim the advent of Thy Kingdom, and to raise Thy call amidst all men.  O God! Open Thou the way for this helpless one, grant Thou the remedy to this ailing one and bestow Thy healing upon this afflicted one.  With burning heart and tearful eyes I supplicate Thee at Thy Threshold.
      Last:  O God!  Protect me from tests.  Thou knowest full well that I have turned away from all things and freed myself of all thoughts.  I have no occupation save mention of Thee and no aspiration save serving Thee.

  [2] BB00485TRE (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I am aware, O Lord, that my trespasses have covered my face with shame in Thy presence, and have burdened my back before Thee, have intervened between me and Thy beauteous countenance, have compassed me from every direction and have hindered me on all sides from gaining access unto the revelations of Thy celestial power.
      Last:  O Lord!  If Thou forgivest me not, who is there then to grant pardon, and if Thou hast no mercy upon me who is capable of showing compassion?  Glory be unto Thee, Thou didst create me when I was non-existent and Thou didst nourish me while I was devoid of any understanding.  Praise be unto Thee, every evidence of bounty proceedeth from Thee and every token of grace emanateth from the treasuries of Thy decree.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[912] Prayer UUID: 374fb831-2dee-4a51-a7e7-4353b488ff92

FULL TEXT (ro):
Lăudat şi slăvit eşti Tu, O, Doamne Dumnezeul meu! Cum aş putea vorbi eu de Tine când sunt sigur că nici o făptură oricât de mare ar fi înţelepciunea ei, nu Ţi poate preamări Numele aşa cum se cuvine; şi nici pasărea inimii omeneşti, oricât de mare i ar fi dorul, nu poate nădăjdui să se înalţe în cerul maiestăţii şi cunoaşterii Tale.

Dacă Te aş defini, O, Dumnezeul meu, ca pe Cel Atotpătrunzător, trebuie să admit că Acei ce sunt cea mai înaltă întruchipare a percepţiei au fost creaţi prin porunca Ta. Şi dacă Te slăvesc ca pe Cel Înţelept, sunt de asemenea silit să recunosc că Izvoarele Înţelepciunii au fost aduse la existenţă prin acţiunea voinţei Tale. Şi dacă proclam că Tu eşti Cel Incomparabil, descopăr foarte curând că Cei ce sunt însăşi esenţa unicităţii au fost trimişi în lume de Tine şi sunt doar mărturii ale operei Tale. Şi dacă Te preamăresc ca pe Cel Atotştiutor, trebuie să recunosc că Cei ce sunt Chintesenţa cunoaşterii sunt doar creaţia şi instrumentul Scopului Tău.

Înălţat, Preaînălţat eşti Tu deasupra strădaniilor muritorilor de a descoperi tainele Tale, de a descrie slava Ta sau de a se referi doar la natura Esenţei Tale. Căci oricare ar fi rezultatul unor astfel de strădanii, ei nu pot nădăjdui niciodată să depăşească limitele impuse făpturilor Tale deoarece aceste eforturi sunt acţionate de porunca Ta şi au apărut din inspiraţia Ta. Sentimentele cele mai înălţătoare pe care le pot exprima cei mai sfinţi dintre sfinţi spre lauda Ta şi înţelepciunea cea mai profundă pe care o pot exprima cei mai mari erudiţi în încercarea de a Ţi înţelege natura, toate rotesc în jurul acelui centru care e întru totul supus suveranităţii Tale, care adoră frumuseţea Ta şi este pus în mişcare de Pana Ta.

Fereşte mă, O, Doamne, să rostesc cuvinte care în mod necesar implică existenţa unei legături directe între Pana Revelaţiei Tale şi esenţa tuturor lucrurilor create. Departe şi mult deasupra închipuirii unei astfel de relaţii se află cei ce sunt legaţi de Tine! Orice comparaţie şi similitudine sunt neputincioase în faţa Pomului Revelaţiei Tale şi orice cale spre înţelegerea Manifestării Eului Tău şi a Aurorei Frumuseţii Tale este închisă.

Departe, departe de slava Ta fie tot ce muritorul poate spune despre Tine sau Îţi poate atribui, sau laudele cu care Te poate preamări! Oricare ar fi obligaţia pe care ai prescris o slujitorilor Tăi de a-ţi preamări maiestatea şi gloria este doar un semn al harului Tău pe care l ai acordat lor ca să se poată înălţa până la treapta conferită fiinţei lor lăuntrice, treapta cunoaşterii propriului lor eu.

Nimeni, în afară de Tine, n a fost vreodată în stare să înţeleagă taina Ta sau să slăvească aşa cum se cuvine măreţia Ta. De nepătruns şi mult deasupra elogiilor oamenilor vei rămâne în veci. Nu există alt Dumnezeu în afară de Tine, Cel Inaccesibil, Cel Omnipotent, Cel Atotştiutor, Sfântul Sfinţilor.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BB00018MAJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: All majesty and glory, O my God, and all dominion and light and grandeur and splendor be unto Thee.  Thou bestowest sovereignty on whom Thou willest and dost withhold it from whom Thou desirest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.  Thou art He Who createth from naught the universe and all that dwell therein. There is nothing worthy of Thee except Thyself, while all else but Thee are as outcasts in Thy holy presence and are as nothing when compared to the glory of Thine Own Being.
      Last:  * 1. Qur'án 6:103

  [2] BH09874 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! Every man of insight confesseth Thy sovereignty and Thy dominion, and every discerning eye perceiveth the greatness of Thy majesty and the compelling power of Thy might. The winds of tests are powerless to hold back them that enjoy near access to Thee from setting their faces towards the horizon of Thy glory, and the tempests of trials must fail to draw away and hinder such as are wholly devoted to Thy will from approaching Thy court.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my God, by them and by the sighs which their hearts utter in their separation from Thee, to keep them safe from the mischief of Thine adversaries, and to nourish their souls with what Thou hast ordained for Thy loved ones on whom shall come no fear and who shall not be put to grief.

  [3] BH03181 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Bestower, the Bounteous!
      Last:  And when He desired to manifest grace and beneficence to men, and to set the world in order, He revealed observances and created laws; among them He established the law of marriage, made it as a fortress for well-being and salvation, and enjoined it upon us in that which was sent down out of the heaven of sanctity in His Most Holy Book.  He saith, great is His glory: “Enter into wedlock, O people, that ye may bring forth one who will make mention of me amid My servants.  This is My bidding unto you; hold fast to it as an assistance to yourselves.”

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[913] Prayer UUID: 381bb054-7b04-494b-875c-a3239feabf59

FULL TEXT (ro):
## Prières pour le jeûne


* Le Kitáb-i-Aqdas dit : « Nous vous avons ordonné de prier et de jeûner dès l’âge de maturité (15 ans) ; c’est un ordre de Dieu, votre Seigneur et le Seigneur de vos pères... Les voyageurs, les malades et les femmes enceintes ou allaitantes ne sont pas tenus de jeûner... Abstenez-vous de toute nourriture et boisson du lever au coucher du soleil et prenez garde de ne pas laisser le désir vous priver de ce bienfait prescrit dans le Livre. » Le jeûne dure pendant le dernier de l’année badí.

Je t’implore, ô mon Dieu, par ton signe puissant, et par la révélation de ta grâce à l’humanité, de ne pas me fermer la porte de la cité de ta présence et de ne pas décevoir les espoirs que j’ai placés dans les manifestations de ta bonté parmi tes créatures.
Vois, ô mon Dieu : je m’attache à ton Nom, le plus saint, le plus lumineux, le plus puissant, le plus éminent, le plus élevé, le plus glorieux et je saisis le pan du vêtement auquel tous s’agrippent dans ce monde et dans le monde à venir.
Je t’implore, ô mon Dieu, par ta voix très mélodieuse et ton verbe suprême. Rapproche-moi toujours davantage du seuil de ta porte et ne me retiens pas loin de l’ombre de ta miséricorde ni du dais de ta générosité.
Vois, ô mon Dieu : je m’attache à ton Nom, le plus saint, le plus lumineux, le plus puissant, le plus éminent, le plus élevé, le plus glorieux et je saisis le pan du vêtement auquel tous s’agrippent dans ce monde et dans le monde à venir.
Je t’implore, ô mon Dieu, par la splendeur de ton front radieux et l’éclat de ta présence qui resplendit depuis l’horizon suprême. Attire-moi par le parfum de ton vêtement et donne-moi à boire le nectar de ta parole.
Vois, ô mon Dieu : je m’attache à ton Nom, le plus saint, le plus lumineux, le plus puissant, le plus éminent, le plus élevé, le plus glorieux et je saisis le pan du vêtement auquel tous s’agrippent dans ce monde et dans le monde à venir.
Je t’implore, ô mon Dieu, par les cheveux qui balaient ton visage comme ta plume bénie se meut sur les pages de tes écrits en répandant sur le royaume de la création cette senteur musquée des significations cachées. Suscite en moi le désir de servir ta cause sans risquer la chute et sans être entravé par les allusions de ceux qui contestent tes signes et se détournent de ton visage.
Vois, ô mon Dieu : je m’attache à ton Nom, le plus saint, le plus lumineux, le plus puissant, le plus éminent, le plus élevé, le plus glorieux et je saisis le pan du vêtement auquel tous s’agrippent dans ce monde et dans le monde à venir.
Je t’implore, ô mon Dieu, par le nom que tu as choisi pour être le roi des noms et qui subjugue tous ceux qui sont au ciel et sur la terre. Permetsmoi de contempler le soleil de ta beauté et sersmoi le vin de ta parole.
Vois, ô mon Dieu : je m’attache à ton Nom, le plus saint, le plus lumineux, le plus puissant, le plus éminent, le plus élevé, le plus glorieux et je saisis le pan du vêtement auquel tous s’agrippent dans ce monde et dans le monde à venir.
Je t’implore, ô mon Dieu, par la tente de ta majesté plantée sur les plus hautes cimes et le dais de ta révélation dressé sur les plus hauts sommets. Aide-moi à réaliser ce que ta volonté désire et ce que ton dessein révèle. 
Vois, ô mon Dieu : je m’attache à ton Nom, le plus saint, le plus lumineux, le plus puissant, le plus éminent, le plus élevé, le plus glorieux et je saisis le pan du vêtement auquel tous s’agrippent dans ce monde et dans le monde à venir.
Je t’implore, ô mon Dieu, par ta beauté qui brille à l’horizon éternel, beauté devant laquelle, dès son apparition, le royaume de beauté lui-même s’incline en signe d’adoration et qu’il glorifie 
d’une voix vibrante. Accorde-moi de mourir à tout ce que je possède pour vivre de ce qui t’appartient. Vois, ô mon Dieu : je m’attache à ton Nom, le plus saint, le plus lumineux, le plus puissant, le plus éminent, le plus élevé, le plus glorieux et je saisis le pan du vêtement auquel tous s’agrippent dans ce monde et dans le monde à venir.
Je t’implore, ô mon Dieu, par la manifestation de ton nom, le Bien-Aimé, pour lequel le cœur de tes amants se consume et vers lequel s’élève l’âme de tous ceux qui vivent sur terre. Aide-moi à me souvenir de toi parmi tes créatures et à te célébrer parmi ton peuple.
Vois, ô mon Dieu : je m’attache à ton Nom, le plus saint, le plus lumineux, le plus puissant, le plus éminent, le plus élevé, le plus glorieux et je saisis le pan du vêtement auquel tous s’agrippent dans ce monde et dans le monde à venir.
Je t’implore, ô mon Dieu, par le bruissement de l’Arbre divin et les murmures des brises de ta parole dans le royaume de tes noms. Éloigne-moi de tout ce que tu abhorres et attire-moi près du lieu où resplendit l’Aurore de tes signes.
Vois, ô mon Dieu : je m’attache à ton Nom, le plus saint, le plus lumineux, le plus puissant, le plus éminent, le plus élevé, le plus glorieux et je saisis le pan du vêtement auquel tous s’agrippent dans ce monde et dans le monde à venir.
Je t’implore, ô mon Dieu, par cette lettre qui, à peine sortie de la bouche de ta volonté, fit déferler les océans et souffler les vents, se former les fruits et naître les arbres, qui fit s’effacer les anciens vestiges, se déchirer les voiles et se hâter ceux qui te sont dévoués vers la lumière de la face de leur Seigneur, l’Indépendant. Fais-moi connaître ce que tu recèles dans les trésors de ta connaissance et les écrins de ta sagesse. 
Vois, ô mon Dieu : je m’attache à ton Nom, le plus saint, le plus lumineux, le plus puissant, le plus éminent, le plus élevé, le plus glorieux et je saisis le pan du vêtement auquel tous s’agrippent dans ce monde et dans le monde à venir.
Je t’implore, ô mon Dieu, par le feu de ton amour qui chasse le sommeil des yeux de tes élus et de tes aimés, par leurs louanges et leur mention de toi dès l’aube. Compte-moi parmi ceux qui ont atteint ce que tu as révélé dans ton livre et manifesté par ta volonté.
Vois, ô mon Dieu : je m’attache à ton Nom, le plus saint, le plus lumineux, le plus puissant, le plus éminent, le plus élevé, le plus glorieux et je saisis le pan du vêtement auquel tous s’agrippent dans ce monde et dans le monde à venir.
Je t’implore, ô mon Dieu, par la lumière de ta présence qui exhorte ceux qui te sont proches à recevoir les flèches de ton décret et ceux qui te sont dévoués à faire face, en ton sentier, aux épées de tes ennemis. Révèle pour moi ce que ta plume bénie a révélé pour tes fidèles et tes élus.
Vois, ô mon Dieu : je m’attache à ton Nom, le plus saint, le plus lumineux, le plus puissant, le plus éminent, le plus élevé, le plus glorieux et je saisis le pan du vêtement auquel tous s’agrippent dans ce monde et dans le monde à venir.
Je t’implore, ô mon Dieu, par ton nom qui écoute l’appel de tes amants, par les soupirs de ceux qui te désirent, les pleurs de ceux qui sont proches de toi et les plaintes de ceux qui te sont dévoués, par ton nom qui comble les vœux de ceux qui ont placé leurs espoirs en toi, et qui réalise leurs désirs par ta grâce et ta générosité, et par ton nom qui fait surgir l’océan du pardon devant ton visage et pleuvoir ta générosité sur tes serviteurs. Pour chacun de ceux qui se tournent vers toi et qui suivent le jeûne que tu as prescrit, inscris la récompense accordée à ceux qui ne parlent qu’avec ta permission et qui abandonnent, en ton chemin, tout ce qu’ils possèdent et le font par amour pour toi.
Je t’implore, ô mon Dieu, par toi-même, par tes signes et par tes preuves, par l’éclat du Soleil de ta beauté et par tes Branches. Efface les offenses de ceux qui obéissent à tes lois et observent ce que tu leur ordonnes dans ton livre. 
Vois, ô mon Dieu : je m’attache ton Nom, le plus saint, le plus lumineux, le plus puissant, le plus éminent, le plus élevé, le plus glorieux et je saisis le pan du vêtement auquel tous s’agrippent dans ce monde et dans le monde à venir.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [2] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=45)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[914] Prayer UUID: 41ca0ce6-bf58-46e4-90ab-03de446e91b0

FULL TEXT (ro):
Lăudat fie numele Tău, o, Dumnezeul meu! Tu vezi cum vânturile neiertătoare ale încercărilor i-au făcut pe cei statornici în cauza Ta să se clatine, şi cum suflarea încercărilor i-a răscolit pe cei ale căror inimi au fost ferm aşezate, în afară de cei ce s-au împărtăşit din vinul care este viaţă adevărată din mâinile Manifestării numelui Tău, Cel Prea Milostiv. Aceştia sunt cei pe care nici un cuvânt în afară de cuvântul Tău cel prea înălţat nu poate să-i mişte, pe care nimic în afară de dulcea mireasmă a veşmântului pomenirii Tale nu poate să-i vrăjească, o, Tu Care eşti Posesorul tuturor numelor şi Făcătorul cerului şi al pământului!

Te implor, o, Tu Ce eşti iubitul tovarăş al lui Bahá, întru numele Tău, Cel Atotslăvit, să-i ţii în siguranţă pe aceşti slujitori ai Tăi, la umbra aripilor milostivirii Tale atotcuprinzătoare, ca săgeţile sugestiilor ticăloase ale răufăcătorilor dintre creaturile Tale, ce n-au crezut în semnele Tale, să poată fi ţinute departe de ei. Nimeni de pe pământ, o, Domnul meu, nu poate sta împotriva puterii Tale şi nimeni în toată împărăţia numelor Tale nu poate să frustreze scopul tău. Arată, atunci, puterea suveranităţii şi stăpânirii Tale, şi învaţă-i pe cei iubiţi de Tine ceea ce li se cuvine în zilele Tale.

Tu eşti, cu adevărat, Cel Atotputernic, Cel Preaînălţat, Cel Atotslăvit, Cel Preamăreţ.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (11 options):

  [1] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [2] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [3] BH08852 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  One of Thy handmaidens, who hath believed in Thee and in Thy signs, hath entered beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness.  Give her to quaff, O my God, by Thy Name, the Manifest and the Hidden, of Thy choice sealed Wine that it may take her away from her own self, and make her to be entirely devoted to Thy remembrance, and wholly detached from any one beside Thee.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, the God of knowledge and wisdom.

  [4] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [5] BH08824 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified, O Lord my God, be Thy Name, whereby the trees of the garden of Thy Revelation have been clad with verdure, and been made to yield the fruits of holiness during this Springtime when the sweet savors of Thy favors and blessings have been wafted over all things, and caused them to bring forth whatsoever had been preordained for them in the Kingdom of Thine irrevocable decree and the Heaven of Thine immutable purpose. I beseech Thee by this very Name not to suffer me to be far from the court of Thy holiness, nor debarred from the exalted sanctuary of Thy unity and oneness.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XCVI

  [6] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [7] BB00002MEN (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O God.  How can I make mention of Thee while Thou art sanctified from the praise of all mankind.  Magnified be Thy Name, O God, Thou art the King, the Eternal Truth; Thou knowest what is in the heavens and on the earth, and unto Thee must all return.  Thou hast sent down Thy divinely ordained Revelation according to a clear measure.  Praised art Thou, O Lord!  At Thy behest Thou dost render victorious whomsoever Thou willest, through the hosts of heaven and earth and whatsoever existeth between them.  Thou art the Sovereign, the Eternal Truth, the Lord of invincible might.
      Last:  Glorified art Thou, O Lord!  Thou forgivest at all times the sins of such among Thy servants as implore Thy pardon.  Wash away my sins and the sins of those who seek Thy forgiveness at dawn, who pray to Thee in the daytime and in the night season, who yearn after naught save God, who offer up whatsoever God hath graciously bestowed upon them, who celebrate Thy praise at morn and eventide, and who are not remiss in their duties.

  [8] AB00314HOR (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  From the horizon of detachment Thou hast manifested souls that, even as the shining moon, shed radiance upon the realm of heart and soul, rid themselves from the attributes of the world of existence and hastened forth unto the kingdom of immortality.  With a drop from the ocean of Thy loving-kindness Thou didst oft-times moisten the gardens of their hearts until they gained incomparable freshness and beauty.  The holy fragrance of Thy divine unity was diffused far and wide, shedding its sweet savors over the entire world, causing the regions of the earth to be redolent with perfume.
      Last:  O Thou kind Lord!  Grant that this youth may attain unto that which is the highest aspiration of the holy ones.  Endow him with the wings of Thy strengthening grace—wings of detachment and divine aid—that he may soar thereby into the atmosphere of Thy tender mercy, be able to partake of Thy celestial bestowals, may become a sign of divine guidance and a standard of the Concourse on high.  Thou art the Potent, the Powerful, the Seeing, the Hearing.

  [9] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

  [10] AB00787SPL (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, O Thou Who hast cast Thy splendor over the luminous realities of men, shedding upon them the resplendent lights of knowledge and guidance, and hast chosen them out of all created things for this supernal grace, and hast caused them to encompass all things, to understand their inmost essence, and to disclose their mysteries, bringing them forth out of darkness into the visible world! “He verily showeth His special mercy to whomsoever He will.”¹
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 55:19-22.

  [11] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[916] Prayer UUID: 4b914447b3df

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB05167 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou knowest, O God, and art my witness that I have no desire in my heart save to attain Thy good pleasure, to be confirmed in servitude unto Thee, to consecrate myself in Thy service, to labor in Thy great vineyard and to sacrifice all in Thy path.  Thou art the All-Knowing and the All-Seeing.  I have no wish save to turn my steps, in my love for Thee, towards the mountains and the deserts to loudly proclaim the advent of Thy Kingdom, and to raise Thy call amidst all men.  O God! Open Thou the way for this helpless one, grant Thou the remedy to this ailing one and bestow Thy healing upon this afflicted one.  With burning heart and tearful eyes I supplicate Thee at Thy Threshold.
      Last:  O God!  Protect me from tests.  Thou knowest full well that I have turned away from all things and freed myself of all thoughts.  I have no occupation save mention of Thee and no aspiration save serving Thee.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[917] Prayer UUID: 4c9eb1c8-9729-42bb-abaf-6a4b84dd3bb8

FULL TEXT (ro):
Em Nome do nosso Senhor, o Mais Sagrado, o Maior, o Sublime, o Mais Glorioso!
Ó Deus, meu Deus! Tu vês como o Teu servo fixou a sua face em Ti e desejou ser honrado por cumprir com o que lhe tem sido ordenado no Teu Livro. Ordena-lhe, através da Tua Mais Sublime Pena, aquilo que o atrairá até ao Mais Sublime Ápice. Tu és, verdadeiramente, o Educador do mundo e o Senhor das nações, e Tu és, verdadeiramente, o Forte, o Predominante, o Omnipotente.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (6 options):

  [1] BB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

  [2] AB10688 (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

  [3] BB00018ADJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I adjure Thee by Thy might, O my God!  Let no harm beset me in times of tests, and in moments of heedlessness guide my steps aright through Thine inspiration.  Thou art God, potent art Thou to do what Thou desirest. No one can withstand Thy Will or thwart Thy Purpose.

  [4] AB00094WEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let whosoever travels to different parts to teach, peruse over mountain, desert, land and sea this supplication.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Most Merciful of the merciful.

  [5] BH11278RIV (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Make manifest the rivers of Thy sovereign might, that the waters of Thy Unity may flow through the inmost realities of all things, in such wise that the banner of Thine unfailing guidance may be raised aloft in the kingdom of Thy command and the stars of Thy divine splendor may shine brightly in the heaven of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou, verily, art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [6] ABU0023UNI (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Verily, I invoke Thee and supplicate before Thy threshold, asking Thee that all Thy mercies may descend upon these souls.  Specialize them for Thy favor and Thy truth.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Almighty, the Self-Subsistent, the Giver, the Forgiving, the Pardoner, the Omniscient, the One Creator.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[921] Prayer UUID: 65497e1bd092

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB09040 (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord!
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Seer, the Hearer.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[922] Prayer UUID: 755f30e20199

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00094WEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let whosoever travels to different parts to teach, peruse over mountain, desert, land and sea this supplication.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Most Merciful of the merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[923] Prayer UUID: 76601bea-24f9-453d-a45c-7070a9b08302

FULL TEXT (ro):
O, Tu Dumnezeule milostiv!
O, Tu Care eşti tare şi puternic!
O, Tu Părinte preabun! Aceşti slujitori s-au adunat împreună, întorcându-se spre Tine, implorând la pragul Tău, aşteptând, dinspre încrederea în Tine, darurile Tale nesfârşite. Ei nu au alt ţel decât bunul Tău plac. Ei nu au altă intenţie decât slujirea lumii umanităţii.

O, Dumnezeule! Fă această adunare radioasă. Fă inimile milostive. Dăruieşte mărinimiile Sfântului Spirit. Înzestrează-i cu o putere cerească. Binecuvântează-i cu o gândire pură. Sporeşte-le sinceritatea ca să se poată întoarce cu toată umilinţa şi căinţa către împărăţia Ta şi să fie ocupaţi cu slujirea lumii umanităţii. Fie ca fiecare dintre ei să devină o candelă strălucitoare. Fie ca fiecare dintre ei să devină o stea scânteietoare. Fie ca fiecare dintre ei să devină frumos şi înmiresmat în împărăţia lui Dumnezeu.

O, Părinte bun! Dăruieşte binecuvântările Tale. Nu lua în seamă lipsurile noastre. Adăposteşte-ne sub ocrotirea Ta. Nu pomeni păcatele noastre. Tămăduieşte-ne cu milostivirea Ta. Noi suntem slabi; Tu eşti tare. Noi suntem săraci; Tu eşti bogat. Noi suntem bolnavi; Tu eşti Tămăduitorul. Noi suntem nevoiaşi; Tu eşti prea generos.

O, Dumnezeule! Înzestrează-ne cu chibzuinţa Ta. Tu eşti Cel Puternic. Tu eşti Cel ce Dăruieşte. Tu eşti Cel Binefăcător.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

  [2] ABU0023UNI (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Verily, I invoke Thee and supplicate before Thy threshold, asking Thee that all Thy mercies may descend upon these souls.  Specialize them for Thy favor and Thy truth.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Almighty, the Self-Subsistent, the Giver, the Forgiving, the Pardoner, the Omniscient, the One Creator.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[926] Prayer UUID: 8c27d754-abe4-4664-a52b-10573ec552a2

FULL TEXT (ro):
저는 아직 어린 아이옵니다

저의 주여, 저의 주님이시여! 저는 아직 어린 아이옵니다. 주님의 자비의 젖으로 저를 키워 주시옵고, 주님의 사랑의 품 안에서 저를 단련 시켜 주소서. 주께서 인도하시는 학교에서 저를 가르쳐 주시옵고, 주님의 은혜의 그늘 아래 저를 키워 주소서. 저를 어둠에서 구해 주시옵고, 밝은 빛이 되게 하소서. 저를 불행에서 해방시켜 주시옵고, 꽃밭의 장미가 되게 하소서. 저를 주님의 문앞에서 시중드는 종이 되게 하시옵고, 정의의 자질을 저에게 내려 주소서. 저로 하여금 인류에게 은혜를 베푸는 근원이 되게 하시옵고, 제 머리에 영원한 삶의 왕관을 씌워 주소서.
진실로 주님은 강력하시고, 보시며, 들으시는 분이시옵나이다.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[927] Prayer UUID: 8d4163b0c9eb

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [2] BB00002MEN (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O God.  How can I make mention of Thee while Thou art sanctified from the praise of all mankind.  Magnified be Thy Name, O God, Thou art the King, the Eternal Truth; Thou knowest what is in the heavens and on the earth, and unto Thee must all return.  Thou hast sent down Thy divinely ordained Revelation according to a clear measure.  Praised art Thou, O Lord!  At Thy behest Thou dost render victorious whomsoever Thou willest, through the hosts of heaven and earth and whatsoever existeth between them.  Thou art the Sovereign, the Eternal Truth, the Lord of invincible might.
      Last:  Glorified art Thou, O Lord!  Thou forgivest at all times the sins of such among Thy servants as implore Thy pardon.  Wash away my sins and the sins of those who seek Thy forgiveness at dawn, who pray to Thee in the daytime and in the night season, who yearn after naught save God, who offer up whatsoever God hath graciously bestowed upon them, who celebrate Thy praise at morn and eventide, and who are not remiss in their duties.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[928] Prayer UUID: 8db435433e88

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00001FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[929] Prayer UUID: 93a93a1a-583a-4fb0-a3c5-f1b5a5560cdb

FULL TEXT (ro):
Te implor să mă ierţi, o, Stăpânul meu,
pentru orice pomenire în afară de pomenirea Ta, şi pentru orice laudă în afară de lauda Ta, şi pentru orice desfătare în afară de desfătarea apropierii de Tine, şi pentru orice plăcere în afară de plăcerea comuniunii cu Tine, şi pentru orice bucurie în afară de bucuria iubirii tale şi a bunului Tău plac, şi pentru toate lucrurile legate de mine ce nu au nici o legătură cu Tine, o Tu care eşti Stăpânul stăpânilor, Cel ce oferă mijloacele şi deschide uşile.

Slava fie cu Tine, o, Dumnezeule.
Cum aş putea să Te pomenesc când Tu eşti sanctificat de lauda întregii omeniri. Preamărit fie numele Tău, o, Dumnezeule, Tu eşti Regele, Adevărul Veşnic; Tu ştii ceea ce este în ceruri şi pe pământ şi la Tine trebuie să ne întoarcem cu toţii. Tu ai coborât Revelaţia Ta divin poruncită după o măsură clară. Lăudat fii Tu, o, Doamne! La porunca ta faci victorios pe cine doreşti, cu oştirile cerului şi ale pământului şi orice se află între ele. Tu eşti Suveranul, Adevărul Veşnic, Stăpânul tăriei nebiruite.

Slăvit fii Tu, o, Doamne, Tu ierţi mereu păcatele acelora dintre slujitorii Tăi ce-ţi imploră îngăduinţa. Spală-mi păcatele şi păcatele celor care caută iertarea Ta în zori de zi, care Te roagă la lumina zilei şi la vreme de noapte, care tânjesc după nimeni altul decât Dumnezeu, care oferă tot ceea ce Dumnezeu le-a dăruit cu bunăvoinţa Sa, care preamăresc lauda Ta dimineaţa şi pe-nserat, şi care nu au dat dovadă de neglijenţă în îndatoririle lor.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00634 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be unto Thee, O Lord.  Forgive us our sins, have mercy upon us and enable us to return unto Thee.  Suffer us not to rely on aught else besides Thee, and vouchsafe unto us, through Thy bounty, that which Thou lovest and desirest and well beseemeth Thee.  Exalt the station of them that have truly believed, and forgive them with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[930] Prayer UUID: a5a9411f2f9c

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0023UNI (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Verily, I invoke Thee and supplicate before Thy threshold, asking Thee that all Thy mercies may descend upon these souls.  Specialize them for Thy favor and Thy truth.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Almighty, the Self-Subsistent, the Giver, the Forgiving, the Pardoner, the Omniscient, the One Creator.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[931] Prayer UUID: a953b121-6cca-4266-9bc3-b8b83276b4b8

FULL TEXT (ro):
* Prière pour le Hquqúqu’lláh (le droit de Dieu).

Gloire à toi, ô mon Seigneur, le Compatissant !Par l’océan tumultueux de ta sainte parole et les signes innombrables de ta souveraineté suprême, par les puissants témoignages de ta divinité et les mystères cachés qui gisent au sein de ta connaissance, je te supplie de m’accorder la grâce de te servir, toi et ceux que tu as choisis, et de me permettre d’accomplir mon devoir : offrir le H∆uqúq que tu as prescrit dans ton livre.
Ô mon Seigneur, j’ai placé mon affection en ton royaume de gloire et je me tiens fermement au pan de ta générosité. Ô Seigneur de toute existence, toi qui règnes sur le royaume des noms, je te supplie. Ne me refuse pas ce que tu possèdes et ne me prive pas de ce que tu as prescrit pour tes élus.
Ô Seigneur de tous les noms et créateur des cieux, je t’implore par ta grâce fortifiante. Aidemoi à rester ferme dans ta cause ; ainsi, les vanités du monde ne seront pas un voile qui m’en sépare, et les violents désordres des méchants qui, en tes jours, se sont levés pour détourner ton peuple du droit chemin, ne sauront m’arrêter. Ô Désir de mon cœur, accorde-moi le bien de ce monde et du monde à venir. En vérité, tu as le pouvoir de faire ce que tu désires. Il n’est pas d’autre Dieu que toi, l’Indulgent, le Très-Généreux.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (5 options):

  [1] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [2] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [3] AB00314HOR (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  From the horizon of detachment Thou hast manifested souls that, even as the shining moon, shed radiance upon the realm of heart and soul, rid themselves from the attributes of the world of existence and hastened forth unto the kingdom of immortality.  With a drop from the ocean of Thy loving-kindness Thou didst oft-times moisten the gardens of their hearts until they gained incomparable freshness and beauty.  The holy fragrance of Thy divine unity was diffused far and wide, shedding its sweet savors over the entire world, causing the regions of the earth to be redolent with perfume.
      Last:  O Thou kind Lord!  Grant that this youth may attain unto that which is the highest aspiration of the holy ones.  Endow him with the wings of Thy strengthening grace—wings of detachment and divine aid—that he may soar thereby into the atmosphere of Thy tender mercy, be able to partake of Thy celestial bestowals, may become a sign of divine guidance and a standard of the Concourse on high.  Thou art the Potent, the Powerful, the Seeing, the Hearing.

  [4] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

  [5] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[934] Prayer UUID: b307349e-0f68-467b-87d2-48884d0a2b71

FULL TEXT (ro):
- ‘Abdu’l-Bahá
O, Tu Stăpâne bun! Aceşti copii adorabili sunt lucrarea degetelor tăriei Tale şi semnele minunate ale măreţiei Tale. O, Doamne! Ocroteşte aceşti copii, asistă-i cu harul Tău să fie educaţi şi îngăduie-le să slujească lumea umanităţii. O, Doamne! Aceşti copii sunt perle, fă-i să crească la adăpostul bunătăţii Tale duioase.

Tu eşti Cel Darnic, Cel Atoateiubitor.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[935] Prayer UUID: b3bfb5d2-7362-49c2-a20f-101bc57321e8

FULL TEXT (ro):
O, Doamne, Dumnezeul şi Stăpânul meu, ţinta dorinţei mele! Acest slujitor al Tău caută să adoarmă la adăpostul îndurării Tale şi să se odihnească în baldachinul milostivirii Tale, implorând grija şi ocrotirea Ta.

Te implor, o, Domnul meu, întru ochiul Tău care nu doarme niciodată, să-mi fereşti ochii de a privi altceva decât pe Tine. Aşadar, întăreşte-le puterea de a vedea, ca să poată desluşi semnele Tale şi să contemple Orizontul Revelaţiei Tale. Tu eşti Cel în faţa revelaţiilor atotputerniciei, Căruia însăşi chintesenţa puterii s-a cutremurat.

Nu există alt Dumnezeu afară de Tine, Cel Atotputernic, Cel Atotbiruitor, Cel Necondiţionat.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God, my Master, the Goal of my desire!  This, Thy servant, seeketh to sleep in the shelter of Thy mercy, and to repose beneath the canopy of Thy grace, imploring Thy care and Thy protection.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Subduing, the Unconditioned.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[937] Prayer UUID: c0fd6649df51

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH11205 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[938] Prayer UUID: c5eb13e654dd

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BB00018ANG (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  There is no one but Thee to allay the anguish of my soul, and Thou art my highest aspiration, O my God.  My heart is wedded to none save Thee and such as Thou dost love.  I solemnly declare that my life and death are both for Thee.  Verily Thou art incomparable and hast no partner.
      Last:  O my God!  I beseech Thee by the evidences of Thy favor, to let me draw nigh to the sublime heights of Thy holy presence, and protect me from inclining myself toward the subtle allusions of aught else but Thee.  Guide my steps, O my God, unto that which is acceptable and pleasing to Thee.  Shield me, through Thy might, from the fury of Thy wrath and chastisement, and hold me back from entering habitations not desired by Thee.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[942] Prayer UUID: d1e8e2f8e818

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB05167 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou knowest, O God, and art my witness that I have no desire in my heart save to attain Thy good pleasure, to be confirmed in servitude unto Thee, to consecrate myself in Thy service, to labor in Thy great vineyard and to sacrifice all in Thy path.  Thou art the All-Knowing and the All-Seeing.  I have no wish save to turn my steps, in my love for Thee, towards the mountains and the deserts to loudly proclaim the advent of Thy Kingdom, and to raise Thy call amidst all men.  O God! Open Thou the way for this helpless one, grant Thou the remedy to this ailing one and bestow Thy healing upon this afflicted one.  With burning heart and tearful eyes I supplicate Thee at Thy Threshold.
      Last:  O God!  Protect me from tests.  Thou knowest full well that I have turned away from all things and freed myself of all thoughts.  I have no occupation save mention of Thee and no aspiration save serving Thee.

  [2] BB00485TRE (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I am aware, O Lord, that my trespasses have covered my face with shame in Thy presence, and have burdened my back before Thee, have intervened between me and Thy beauteous countenance, have compassed me from every direction and have hindered me on all sides from gaining access unto the revelations of Thy celestial power.
      Last:  O Lord!  If Thou forgivest me not, who is there then to grant pardon, and if Thou hast no mercy upon me who is capable of showing compassion?  Glory be unto Thee, Thou didst create me when I was non-existent and Thou didst nourish me while I was devoid of any understanding.  Praise be unto Thee, every evidence of bounty proceedeth from Thee and every token of grace emanateth from the treasuries of Thy decree.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[944] Prayer UUID: d6416251-74a9-4b3c-ac82-04c8d410b4a1

FULL TEXT (ro):
이 영혼들은 주님의 하늘나라 군대

무비하신 하느님! 왕국의 주이시여! 이 영혼들은 주님의 하늘나라 군대이옵나이다. 그들을 도우시와 지극히 높은 곳에 있는 군대로써 그들을 승리케 하시고 그들 각자가 모두 일기당천(一騎當千)의 용맹을 떨치어, 하느님의 사랑과 성스러운 가르침의 빛으로써 이 나라들을 정복케 하여 주시옵소서.
하느님! 주님은 그들의 지지자가 되어 주시옵고, 그들의 조력자가 되어 주시옵소서. 황야에서, 산중에서, 계곡에서, 임야에서, 초원에서, 그리고 바다에서 주님은 그들로 하여금 흉금을 털어 놓을 수 있는 분이 되어 주시와, 그들이 천국의 권능과 성령의 숨길을 통하여 소리쳐 외칠 수 있게 하여 주시옵소서.
진실로 주님은 강대하시고 전능하시며 영명하시고 모든 것을 들으시고 보시는 분이시옵나이다.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB05652WIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 56:62.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[946] Prayer UUID: de93897e-de8f-40e0-b45d-1c14ba059ac5

FULL TEXT (ro):
O, Doamne! Sădeşte această fragedă mlădiţă în grădina multelor Tale daruri, ud-o din fântâna bunătăţii Tale duioase şi îngăduie-i să crească o plantă minunată cu ajutorul revărsărilor harului şi favorii Tale.

Tu eşti Cel Tare şi Cel Puternic.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=55)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[947] Prayer UUID: e29296fcee50

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00002ENA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[949] Prayer UUID: eda5b7ffaa7c

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (43 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [3] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [4] BHU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

  [5] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [6] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [7] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [8] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [9] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [10] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [11] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [12] BH08852 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  One of Thy handmaidens, who hath believed in Thee and in Thy signs, hath entered beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness.  Give her to quaff, O my God, by Thy Name, the Manifest and the Hidden, of Thy choice sealed Wine that it may take her away from her own self, and make her to be entirely devoted to Thy remembrance, and wholly detached from any one beside Thee.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, the God of knowledge and wisdom.

  [13] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [14] BB00018ANG (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  There is no one but Thee to allay the anguish of my soul, and Thou art my highest aspiration, O my God.  My heart is wedded to none save Thee and such as Thou dost love.  I solemnly declare that my life and death are both for Thee.  Verily Thou art incomparable and hast no partner.
      Last:  O my God!  I beseech Thee by the evidences of Thy favor, to let me draw nigh to the sublime heights of Thy holy presence, and protect me from inclining myself toward the subtle allusions of aught else but Thee.  Guide my steps, O my God, unto that which is acceptable and pleasing to Thee.  Shield me, through Thy might, from the fury of Thy wrath and chastisement, and hold me back from entering habitations not desired by Thee.

  [15] BH05543 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I give Thee thanks inasmuch as Thou hast called me into being in Thy days, and infused into me Thy love and Thy knowledge.  I beseech Thee, by Thy name whereby the goodly pearls of Thy wisdom and Thine utterance were brought forth out of the treasuries of the hearts of such of Thy servants as are nigh unto Thee, and through which the Daystar of Thy name, the Compassionate, hath shed its radiance upon all that are in Thy heaven and on Thy earth, to supply me, by Thy grace and bounty, with Thy wondrous and hidden bounties.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds.

  [16] BH09809 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how Thy loved ones have been encompassed by the rebellious amongst Thy creatures and the wicked amidst Thy people.  No land remaineth but the lamentation of Thy lovers and the wailing of Thy chosen ones were lifted up therein.  I beseech Thee by Thy Most Great Name to draw forth the hand of power from the bosom of Thy might and to assist therewith all them that love Thee.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Informed.

  [17] AB07155WOM (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: My Lord! My Lord! I praise Thee and I thank Thee for that whereby Thou hast favored Thine humble maidservant, Thy slave beseeching and supplicating Thee, because Thou hast verily guided her unto Thine obvious Kingdom and caused her to hear thine exalted Call in the contingent world and to behold thy Signs which prove the appearance of Thy victorious reign over all things.
      Last:  O my Lord, I dedicate that which is in my womb unto Thee. Then cause it to be a praiseworthy child in Thy Kingdom and a fortunate one by Thy favor and Thy generosity; to develop and to grow up under the charge of Thine education. Verily, Thou art the Gracious! Verily, Thou art the Lord of Great Favor!

  [18] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

  [19] BH08824 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified, O Lord my God, be Thy Name, whereby the trees of the garden of Thy Revelation have been clad with verdure, and been made to yield the fruits of holiness during this Springtime when the sweet savors of Thy favors and blessings have been wafted over all things, and caused them to bring forth whatsoever had been preordained for them in the Kingdom of Thine irrevocable decree and the Heaven of Thine immutable purpose. I beseech Thee by this very Name not to suffer me to be far from the court of Thy holiness, nor debarred from the exalted sanctuary of Thy unity and oneness.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XCVI

  [20] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [21] BH00634 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be unto Thee, O Lord.  Forgive us our sins, have mercy upon us and enable us to return unto Thee.  Suffer us not to rely on aught else besides Thee, and vouchsafe unto us, through Thy bounty, that which Thou lovest and desirest and well beseemeth Thee.  Exalt the station of them that have truly believed, and forgive them with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [22] BB00018MAJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: All majesty and glory, O my God, and all dominion and light and grandeur and splendor be unto Thee.  Thou bestowest sovereignty on whom Thou willest and dost withhold it from whom Thou desirest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.  Thou art He Who createth from naught the universe and all that dwell therein. There is nothing worthy of Thee except Thyself, while all else but Thee are as outcasts in Thy holy presence and are as nothing when compared to the glory of Thine Own Being.
      Last:  * 1. Qur'án 6:103

  [23] BB00002MEN (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O God.  How can I make mention of Thee while Thou art sanctified from the praise of all mankind.  Magnified be Thy Name, O God, Thou art the King, the Eternal Truth; Thou knowest what is in the heavens and on the earth, and unto Thee must all return.  Thou hast sent down Thy divinely ordained Revelation according to a clear measure.  Praised art Thou, O Lord!  At Thy behest Thou dost render victorious whomsoever Thou willest, through the hosts of heaven and earth and whatsoever existeth between them.  Thou art the Sovereign, the Eternal Truth, the Lord of invincible might.
      Last:  Glorified art Thou, O Lord!  Thou forgivest at all times the sins of such among Thy servants as implore Thy pardon.  Wash away my sins and the sins of those who seek Thy forgiveness at dawn, who pray to Thee in the daytime and in the night season, who yearn after naught save God, who offer up whatsoever God hath graciously bestowed upon them, who celebrate Thy praise at morn and eventide, and who are not remiss in their duties.

  [24] AB09040 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord!
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Seer, the Hearer.

  [25] AB05167 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou knowest, O God, and art my witness that I have no desire in my heart save to attain Thy good pleasure, to be confirmed in servitude unto Thee, to consecrate myself in Thy service, to labor in Thy great vineyard and to sacrifice all in Thy path.  Thou art the All-Knowing and the All-Seeing.  I have no wish save to turn my steps, in my love for Thee, towards the mountains and the deserts to loudly proclaim the advent of Thy Kingdom, and to raise Thy call amidst all men.  O God! Open Thou the way for this helpless one, grant Thou the remedy to this ailing one and bestow Thy healing upon this afflicted one.  With burning heart and tearful eyes I supplicate Thee at Thy Threshold.
      Last:  O God!  Protect me from tests.  Thou knowest full well that I have turned away from all things and freed myself of all thoughts.  I have no occupation save mention of Thee and no aspiration save serving Thee.

  [26] BB00018ADJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I adjure Thee by Thy might, O my God!  Let no harm beset me in times of tests, and in moments of heedlessness guide my steps aright through Thine inspiration.  Thou art God, potent art Thou to do what Thou desirest. No one can withstand Thy Will or thwart Thy Purpose.

  [27] AB00094WEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let whosoever travels to different parts to teach, peruse over mountain, desert, land and sea this supplication.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Most Merciful of the merciful.

  [28] BH11278RIV (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Make manifest the rivers of Thy sovereign might, that the waters of Thy Unity may flow through the inmost realities of all things, in such wise that the banner of Thine unfailing guidance may be raised aloft in the kingdom of Thy command and the stars of Thy divine splendor may shine brightly in the heaven of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou, verily, art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [29] AB00314HOR (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  From the horizon of detachment Thou hast manifested souls that, even as the shining moon, shed radiance upon the realm of heart and soul, rid themselves from the attributes of the world of existence and hastened forth unto the kingdom of immortality.  With a drop from the ocean of Thy loving-kindness Thou didst oft-times moisten the gardens of their hearts until they gained incomparable freshness and beauty.  The holy fragrance of Thy divine unity was diffused far and wide, shedding its sweet savors over the entire world, causing the regions of the earth to be redolent with perfume.
      Last:  O Thou kind Lord!  Grant that this youth may attain unto that which is the highest aspiration of the holy ones.  Endow him with the wings of Thy strengthening grace—wings of detachment and divine aid—that he may soar thereby into the atmosphere of Thy tender mercy, be able to partake of Thy celestial bestowals, may become a sign of divine guidance and a standard of the Concourse on high.  Thou art the Potent, the Powerful, the Seeing, the Hearing.

  [30] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

  [31] AB00787SPL (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, O Thou Who hast cast Thy splendor over the luminous realities of men, shedding upon them the resplendent lights of knowledge and guidance, and hast chosen them out of all created things for this supernal grace, and hast caused them to encompass all things, to understand their inmost essence, and to disclose their mysteries, bringing them forth out of darkness into the visible world! “He verily showeth His special mercy to whomsoever He will.”¹
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 55:19-22.

  [32] BH09874 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! Every man of insight confesseth Thy sovereignty and Thy dominion, and every discerning eye perceiveth the greatness of Thy majesty and the compelling power of Thy might. The winds of tests are powerless to hold back them that enjoy near access to Thee from setting their faces towards the horizon of Thy glory, and the tempests of trials must fail to draw away and hinder such as are wholly devoted to Thy will from approaching Thy court.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my God, by them and by the sighs which their hearts utter in their separation from Thee, to keep them safe from the mischief of Thine adversaries, and to nourish their souls with what Thou hast ordained for Thy loved ones on whom shall come no fear and who shall not be put to grief.

  [33] AB05652WIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 56:62.

  [34] BH03181 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Bestower, the Bounteous!
      Last:  And when He desired to manifest grace and beneficence to men, and to set the world in order, He revealed observances and created laws; among them He established the law of marriage, made it as a fortress for well-being and salvation, and enjoined it upon us in that which was sent down out of the heaven of sanctity in His Most Holy Book.  He saith, great is His glory: “Enter into wedlock, O people, that ye may bring forth one who will make mention of me amid My servants.  This is My bidding unto you; hold fast to it as an assistance to yourselves.”

  [35] ABU0023UNI (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Verily, I invoke Thee and supplicate before Thy threshold, asking Thee that all Thy mercies may descend upon these souls.  Specialize them for Thy favor and Thy truth.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Almighty, the Self-Subsistent, the Giver, the Forgiving, the Pardoner, the Omniscient, the One Creator.

  [36] AB00774SAB (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Come ye together in gladness unalloyed, and at the beginning of the meeting, recite ye this prayer:
      Last:  O Thou our Provider!  Send down Thine aid, that each one gathered here may become a lighted candle, each one a center of attraction, each one a summoner to Thy heavenly realms, till at last we make this nether world the mirror image of Thy Paradise.

  [37] AB08704NEW (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Bless Thou, O King of Kings, the city of New York!  Cause the friends there to be kind to one another.  Purify their souls and make their hearts to be free and detached.  Illumine the world of their consciousness.  Exhilarate their spirits and bestow celestial power and confirmation upon them.  Establish there a heavenly realm, so that the City of Baha may prosper and New York be favoured with blessings from the Abha Kingdom, that this region may become like the all-highest Paradise, may develop into a vineyard of God and be transformed into a heavenly orchard and a spiritual rose garden.

  [38] BH11205 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

  [39] BB00485TRE (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I am aware, O Lord, that my trespasses have covered my face with shame in Thy presence, and have burdened my back before Thee, have intervened between me and Thy beauteous countenance, have compassed me from every direction and have hindered me on all sides from gaining access unto the revelations of Thy celestial power.
      Last:  O Lord!  If Thou forgivest me not, who is there then to grant pardon, and if Thou hast no mercy upon me who is capable of showing compassion?  Glory be unto Thee, Thou didst create me when I was non-existent and Thou didst nourish me while I was devoid of any understanding.  Praise be unto Thee, every evidence of bounty proceedeth from Thee and every token of grace emanateth from the treasuries of Thy decree.

  [40] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [41] BH00009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God, my Master, the Goal of my desire!  This, Thy servant, seeketh to sleep in the shelter of Thy mercy, and to repose beneath the canopy of Thy grace, imploring Thy care and Thy protection.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Subduing, the Unconditioned.

  [42] AB00032DAR (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Thou seest how black darkness is enshrouding all regions, how all countries are burning with the flame of dissension, and the fire of war and carnage is blazing throughout the East and the West.  Blood is flowing, corpses bestrew the ground, and severed heads are fallen on the dust of the battlefield.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Most Generous, the Lord of grace abounding, and, verily, Thou art the Compassionate and the Merciful.

  [43] BH09848 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee by the onrushing winds of Thy grace, and by them Who are the Daysprings of Thy purpose and the Dawning-Places of Thine inspiration, to send down upon me and upon all that have sought Thy face that which beseemeth Thy generosity and bountiful grace, and is worthy of Thy bestowals and favors.  Poor and desolate I am, O my Lord!  Immerse me in the ocean of Thy wealth; athirst, suffer me to drink from the living waters of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, by Thine own Self and by Him Whom Thou hast appointed as the Manifestation of Thine own Being and Thy discriminating Word unto all that are in heaven and on earth, to gather together Thy servants beneath the shade of the Tree of Thy gracious providence. Help them, then, to partake of its fruits, to incline their ears to the rustling of its leaves, and to the sweetness of the voice of the Bird that chanteth upon its branches.  Thou art, verily, the Help in Peril, the Inaccessible, the Almighty, the Most Bountiful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________


═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
LANGUAGE: RU
═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[950] Prayer UUID: 0586eb8d0014

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB04980HOP (Confidence: %!d(float64=70)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Thou art my Hope and my Beloved, my highest Aim and Desire!  With great humbleness and entire devotion I pray to Thee to make me a minaret of Thy love in Thy land, a lamp of Thy knowledge among Thy creatures, and a banner of divine bounty in Thy dominion.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the All-Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[952] Prayer UUID: 17edae2132f5

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH08604 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Whose nearness is my wish, Whose presence is my hope, Whose remembrance is my desire, Whose court of glory is my goal, Whose abode is my aim, Whose name is my healing, Whose love is the radiance of my heart, Whose service is my highest aspiration!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou hast enabled them that have recognized Thee to soar to the sublimest heights of the knowledge of Thee and empowered such as devoutly worship Thee to ascend into the precincts of the court of Thy holy favors, to aid me to turn my face towards Thy face, to fix mine eyes upon Thee, and to speak of Thy glory.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the God of Power, the Help in Peril, the All-Glorious, the Almighty.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[953] Prayer UUID: 1861f064c238

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00314HOR (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  From the horizon of detachment Thou hast manifested souls that, even as the shining moon, shed radiance upon the realm of heart and soul, rid themselves from the attributes of the world of existence and hastened forth unto the kingdom of immortality.  With a drop from the ocean of Thy loving-kindness Thou didst oft-times moisten the gardens of their hearts until they gained incomparable freshness and beauty.  The holy fragrance of Thy divine unity was diffused far and wide, shedding its sweet savors over the entire world, causing the regions of the earth to be redolent with perfume.
      Last:  O Thou kind Lord!  Grant that this youth may attain unto that which is the highest aspiration of the holy ones.  Endow him with the wings of Thy strengthening grace—wings of detachment and divine aid—that he may soar thereby into the atmosphere of Thy tender mercy, be able to partake of Thy celestial bestowals, may become a sign of divine guidance and a standard of the Concourse on high.  Thou art the Potent, the Powerful, the Seeing, the Hearing.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[954] Prayer UUID: 18d046ee-a3b5-4d48-91ee-85a856b906d6

FULL TEXT (ru):
*(Молитва открыта для бахаи Канады)
*Те, что распространяют благоухания Божии, должны возносить сию молитву каждое утро:

О Боже, мой Боже! Ты зришь, как немощный сей просит силы небесной, бедный сей молит о райских сокровищах Твоих, сей жаждущий стремится к источнику вечной жизни, сей недужный алчет обещанного исцеления чрез Твою безграничную милость, что предназначил Ты избранным слугам Твоим в горнем царствии Твоем.

О Господи! Нет у меня иного помощника, кроме Тебя, иного убежища, помимо Тебя, и иной опоры, за исключением Тебя. Поддержи меня воинством ангелов Твоих, дабы разносил я святые благоухания Твои и распространял учения Твои среди избранных народа Твоего.

О мой Господи! Сподобь меня отрешиться ото всего, кроме Тебя, крепко держаться за кромку щедрости Твоей, целиком посвятить себя Твоей Вере, оставаться твердым и стойким в любви к Тебе и соблюдать то, что предписал Ты в Книге Твоей.

Воистину, Ты Могущественный, Сильный, Вседержитель.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=70)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[955] Prayer UUID: 19cfc1861d92

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=70)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[956] Prayer UUID: 27059a8e-356b-4fb9-a84c-3b1410a9854f

FULL TEXT (ru):
Хвала Тебе, о Господи мой Боже! Свидетельствую, что испокон веку был возвышен Ты в недосягаемом величии и могуществе Твоем и во веки веков пребудешь в непревзойденной власти и славе Твоей. Никто в царствиях земли и небес не может воспрепятствовать замыслу Твоему, никто в обителях откровения и творения не в силах возобладать над Тобой. Велением Твоим вершишь Ты, что пожелаешь, и силою владычества Твоего правишь, как угодно Тебе.

О Ты, Повелевающий заре воссиять, молю Тебя Твоею Лампадой, кою возжег Ты огнем любви Твоей перед всем сущим на небесах и на земле и пламя коей питаешь Ты маслом мудрости Твоей в царстве творения Твоего,— сделай меня одним из тех, кто воспарил в небеса Твои и подчинил свою волю Твоему велению.

Я само ничтожество, о мой Господи, а Ты Всесилен, Всемогущ. Сжалься надо мною по милости и щедрости Твоей и благосклонно помоги мне служить Тебе и возлюбленным Твоим. Властен Ты вершить, что пожелаешь. Нет Бога, кроме Тебя, Бога силы, славы и мудрости.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BB00553 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy Name, O Lord our God!  Thou art in truth the Knower of things unseen.  Ordain for us such good as Thine all-embracing knowledge can measure.  Thou art the sovereign Lord, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.
      Last:  Say: God is indeed the Maker of all things.  He giveth sustenance in plenty to whomsoever He willeth.  He is the Creator, the Source of all beings, the Fashioner, the Almighty, the Maker, the All-Wise.  He is the Bearer of the most excellent titles throughout the heavens and the earth and whatever lieth between them.  All do His bidding, and all the dwellers of earth and heaven celebrate His praise, and unto Him shall all return.

  [2] BB00560 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In the Name of Thy Lord, the Creator, the Sovereign, the All-Sufficing, the Most Exalted, He Whose help is implored by all men.
      Last:  Confer Thy blessings, O my Lord, upon the Messengers, the holy ones and the righteous. Verily, Thou art God, the Peerless, the All-Compelling.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[957] Prayer UUID: 2de385e7-289e-48ab-9213-a9335644e10c

FULL TEXT (ru):
О Господи! Да будет красота Твоя моею пищей, Твое присутствие —моим питьем, соизволение Твое — моей надеждою, хвала Тебе — моим деянием, поминание о Тебе — моим сопутником и Мощь державности Твоей — поддержкой мне, Твоя обитель — моим домом и моим пристанищем — место, кое освободил Ты от ограничений, что налагались на тех, кто закрыт словно завесой от Тебя.

Воистину, Ты Всемогущ, Всеславен и Всесилен.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00397HEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=65)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou loving Provider!  These souls have hearkened to the summons of the Kingdom, and have gazed upon the glory of the Sun of Truth.  They have risen upward to the refreshing skies of love; they are enamored of Thy nature, and they worship Thy beauty.  Unto Thee have they turned themselves, speaking together of Thee, seeking out Thy dwelling, and thirsting for the waterbrooks of Thy heavenly realm.
      Last:  Thou art the Giver, the Bestower, the Ever-Loving.

  [2] AB10685 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou most glorious Lord!  Make this little maidservant of Thine blessed and happy; cause her to be cherished at the threshold of Thy oneness, and let her drink deep from the cup of Thy love so that she may be filled with rapture and ecstasy and diffuse sweet-scented fragrance.  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[958] Prayer UUID: 3151f5dc-9bcf-4f82-8d08-8420e26874d8

FULL TEXT (ru):
Да будет прославлено имя Твое, о Господи мой Боже! Взываю к Тебе Именем Твоим, чрез кое пробил Час, и пришло Воскресение, и страх и трепет охватили всех, кто суть в небесах и кто суть на земле,— излей с небес милости Твоей и облаков Твоего кроткого сострадания то, что возрадует сердца слуг Твоих, кои обратились к Тебе и помогают Делу Твоему.

Охрани Своих слуг и служанок, о мой Господи, от стрел праздного мечтания и тщеты воображения и дай им из дланей благодати Твоей глоток тихо струящихся вод Твоего знания.

Ты, воистину, Всемогущий, Наивозвышенный, Вечно Прощающий, Прещедрый.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH07663 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O Lord my God! Behold Thou mine eye expectant to gaze on the wonders of Thy mercy, and mine ear longing to hearken unto Thy sweet melodies, and my heart yearning for the living waters of Thy knowledge. Thou seest Thy handmaiden, O my God, standing before the habitation of Thy mercy, and calling upon Thee by Thy name which Thou hast chosen above all other names and set up over all that are in heaven and on earth. Send down upon her the breaths of Thy mercy, that she may be carried away wholly from herself, and be drawn entirely towards the seat which, resplendent with the glory of Thy face, sheddeth afar the radiance of Thy sovereignty, and is established as Thy throne. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there beside Thee, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

  [2] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[959] Prayer UUID: 37c76082c5c4

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH09848 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee by the onrushing winds of Thy grace, and by them Who are the Daysprings of Thy purpose and the Dawning-Places of Thine inspiration, to send down upon me and upon all that have sought Thy face that which beseemeth Thy generosity and bountiful grace, and is worthy of Thy bestowals and favors.  Poor and desolate I am, O my Lord!  Immerse me in the ocean of Thy wealth; athirst, suffer me to drink from the living waters of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, by Thine own Self and by Him Whom Thou hast appointed as the Manifestation of Thine own Being and Thy discriminating Word unto all that are in heaven and on earth, to gather together Thy servants beneath the shade of the Tree of Thy gracious providence. Help them, then, to partake of its fruits, to incline their ears to the rustling of its leaves, and to the sweetness of the voice of the Bird that chanteth upon its branches.  Thou art, verily, the Help in Peril, the Inaccessible, the Almighty, the Most Bountiful.

  [2] BH09960 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  Thou art He Whom all things worship and Who worshipeth no one, Who is the Lord of all things and is the vassal of none, Who knoweth all things and is known of none. Thou didst wish to make Thyself known unto men; therefore, Thou didst, through a word of Thy mouth, bring creation into being and fashion the universe.  There is none other God except Thee, the Fashioner, the Creator, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.
      Last:  Thou art the God of power, of glory and bounty.  No God is there beside Thee, the Supreme Ruler, the All-Glorious, the Omniscient.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[960] Prayer UUID: 3c54ba56-b7d0-4418-9730-11b852c2d65b

FULL TEXT (ru):
Извечно Ты был, о мой Господи, и вовеки пребудешь Единственным истинным Богом, тогда как все, кроме Тебя, нищи и убоги. Крепко держась за Твою Путеводную Нить, о мой Боже, отрешился я от мира людей и, обратив лицо свое к обители любви Твоей, отвернулся от всего сущего. Милостиво вдохнови меня, о мой Боже, благодатью и щедростью Твоей, славой и величием Твоим, властью и великолепием Твоим, ибо не могу я отыскать никого иного, помимо Тебя, могущественного и всеведущего. Охрани меня, о мой Боже, мощью всеобъемлющей и вседостаточной славы Твоей и силами небесными и земными, поскольку не могу я всецело довериться никому, кроме Тебя, и нет мне ни в ком утешения, кроме как в Тебе.

Ты есть Бог, мой Господь, ведомы Тебе нужды мои, видишь Ты мое положение и знаешь, что выпало на мою долю по воле Твоей и какие земные страдания претерпел я по Твоему попущению и в знак Твоей щедрости и благоволения.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH02777RIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=70)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God and my Master!  I am Thy servant and the son of Thy servant. I have risen from my couch at this dawntide when the Daystar of Thy oneness hath shone forth from the Dayspring of Thy will, and hath shed its radiance upon the whole world, according to what had been ordained in the Books of Thy Decree.
      Last:  Thou art, truly, the Lord and King of all men, and art potent over all things.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[961] Prayer UUID: 3d41823c-ed83-44ac-ba3d-811896d1498b

FULL TEXT (ru):
Во имя Бога, Предвечного, Наивеличайшего.
Воистину, чистейшие сердца снедает огнь разлуки. Где отблеск света Лика Твоего,

Возлюбленный миров?
Те, что близки к Тебе, оставлены во мраке одиночества. Где же сияющее утро с Тобою воссоединения,

Желание миров?
Тела избранников Твоих объяты трепетом в пустыне дальней. Где океан дыханья Твоего,

Чаровник всех миров?
Взывающие длани воздеты к небесам Твоих щедрот и милосердья. Где же дожди даренья Твоего,

Ответчик всех миров?
Неверные установили гнет повсюду. Где покоряющая сила предначертаний Твоего пера,

Смиритель всех миров?
Собачий лай гремит со всех сторон. Где лев из кущ всемощности Твоей,

Воздатель всех миров?
Весь род людской сковало равнодушье. Где же тепло любви Твоей,

О Пламень всех миров?
Несчастья захлестнули с головою. Где знаки вспоможенья Твоего,

О Спас миров?
Тьма поглотила большинство людей. Где блеск великолепья Твоего,

Сияние миров?
Злонравие вытягивает шею. Где же булат возмездья Твоего,

Крушитель всех миров?
Уничижение достигло самой бездны. Где проявленья Твоей славы,

О Слава всех миров?
Объят страданьем Тот, Кем имя явлено Твое Всемилосердный. Где ликованье от Восхода Откровенья Твоего,

О Услаждение миров?
Боль охватила всех людей земли. Где стяги Твоего веселья,

О Радость всех миров?
Ты зришь: знамений Твоих Рассвет дурные наущенья зaстят. Где же персты всесилья Твоего,

О Мощь миров?
Людей томит мучительная жажда. Где воды Щедрости Твоей,

О Милость всех миров?
Весь род людской поработила алчность. Где воплощенья отрешенности,

Господь миров?
Ты зришь: Гонимый сей так одинок в изгнанье. Где воинства небес Твоих Велений,

О Властелин миров?
Покинут Я в чужой стране. Где знаки верности Твоей,

Опора всех миров?
Предсмертные мучения терзают всех людей. Где Твои волны океана вечной жизни,

О Жизнь миров?
Нашептыванья Сатаны вдыхает всё живое. Где метеор от Твоего огня,

О Свет миров?
Хмель страсти извратил почти весь род людской. Где утренние зори непорочности,

Желание миров?
Ты зришь: Гонимый сей среди сирийцев окутан пеленой тиранства. Где блеск рассвета Твоего,

О Свет миров?
Ты зришь: Мне запрещают дальше говорить. Откуда же раздастся песнь Твоя,

О Соловей миров?
Почти весь род людской погряз в мечтаниях пустых и праздных. Где воплощенья убежденности Твоей,

Уверенность миров?
Баха в пучине бедствий утопает. Где же Ковчег спасенья Твоего,

Спаситель всех миров?
Ты зришь: заря реченья Твоего забрезжила во тьме творенья. Где солнце милости Твоих небес,

О Свет Дарующий мирам?
Лампады истины и чистоты, надежности и чести — затушены. Где знаменья карающего гнева Твоего,

О Движитель миров?
Узришь ли Ты кого-нибудь, кто бы на стороне Твоей сражался или задумался о том, что выпало Ему на поприще Твоей любви? Мое перо здесь замирает,

Возлюбленный миров.
Порывы бурные судьбы сломали ветви Божественного Древа Лотос. Где ж стяги помощи Твоей,

Воитель всех миров?
Сей Лик сокрыт под прахом клеветы. Где дуновенье состраданья Твоего,

О Милость всех миров?
Покровы благочестия запятнаны лжецами. Где одеянье святости Твоей,

О Украшающий миры?
От сотворенного людьми застыло море благодати. Где волны щедрости Твоей,

Желание миров?
Дверь к Божьему Присутствию закрыта тиранством неприятелей Твоих. Где ж ключ от дара Твоего,

О Отпирающий миры?
От ядовитых ветров мятежа желтеют листья. Где излиянья облаков щедрот Твоих,

О Оделяющий миры?
Вселенная в пыли греха померкла. Где дуновение прощенья Твоего,

Прощающий миры?
Сей Юноша так одинок в стране пустынной. Где дождь Твоей небесной благодати,

О Одаряющий миры?
Верховное Перо! Твой сладостный призыв в обители небесной Мы услыхали. Склони Свой слух к тому, о чем Язык Величия глаголет,

Гонимый всех миров!
Когда б не холод сей, то как бы жар Твоих речей торжествовал,

О Толкователь всех миров?
Когда б не бедствия, как воссияло б солнце Твоего терпенья,

О Свет миров?
Не сокрушайся из-за нечестивых: Ты стойкость и смирение был сотворен являть,

Терпение миров.
О как прекрасны — Твой восход на окоеме Завета над зачинщиками бунта и к Богу страстное стремленье,

О Любовь миров.
Благодаря Тебе свободы стяг был водружен на высочайших из вершин и море щедрости заволновалось,

Восторг миров.
Чрез одиночество Твое Единства солнце воссияло, и ссылкою Твоей земля Согласия украсилась. Будь терпелив,

О Ты, Изгнанник всех миров.
Мы униженье сделали одеждой славы и беды — украшеньем храма Твоего,

О Гордость всех миров.
Ты зришь: ненависть наполнила сердца. Кому, как не Тебе, прощать ее,

О Сокрывающий грехи миров.
Когда блестит булат, иди вперед! Когда свистит стрела, тесни врага!

О Жертвоприношение миров!
Тебе ли сетовать иль Мне? Скорее Я восплачу о том, сколь мало у Тебя приверженцев,

О Вызвавший рыдания миров.
Воистину, Я внял призыву Твоему, Возлюбленный, Всеславный; теперь лицо Баха пылает жаром испытаний и пламенем Твоих горящих слов, и Он, восстав на месте жертвоприношенья, полон веры, Тебе угодного лишь ищет,

О Устроитель всех миров.
О Али-Акбар, так вознеси же Господу благодаренье за сию Скрижаль, из коей ты вдыхаешь благоуханье кротости Моей и постигаешь, что выпало Нам на тропе Бога, пред Кем преклоняются все миры.

Коль слуги все прочтут сие и взвесят, в их жилах возгорится пламень, способный охватить миры.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [2] BH00687 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most Ancient, the Most Great.
      Last:  Should all the servants read and ponder this, there shall be kindled in their veins a fire that shall set aflame the worlds.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[962] Prayer UUID: 4a4ae201-9115-479d-9ae2-d1a51cc3d83f

FULL TEXT (ru):
*Брак бахаи — союз и сердечная привязанность обеих сторон. Однако они должны проявить величайшую осторожность и узнать характер друг друга. Вечные узы сии должны быть скреплены нерушимым соглашением; следует стремиться к развитию гармонии, товарищества, единства и к обретению жизни вечной.

*Обет брака, произносимый отдельно невестой и отдельно женихом в присутствии не менее, чем двух свидетелей, одобренных Духовным Собранием, дан в Китаб-и-Агдас (в Наисвятой Книге):

«Мы будем все, воистину, следовать воле Бога».

Он есть Даритель, Всещедрый!

Хвала да будет Господу, Предвечному, Вечносущему, Неизменному, Непреходящему! Он — Тот, Кто подтверждает Своим Собственным Существом, что поистине Он Един, Единствен, Беспределен, Возвышен. Мы свидетельствуем, что поистине нет Бога, кроме Него, признавая единство Его и целостность Его. Он обитает извечно в недосягаемых высях, на вершинах величия Своего, освященный от поминания кого бы то ни было, кроме Него самого, непостижимый ни для кого, помимо Него.

А когда пожелал Он явить благодать и милосердие людям и утвердить в мире порядок, Он открыл им предписания и законы; одним из них установил Он закон бракосочетания, сделал его подобным крепости благоденствия и спасения и заповедал его нам в том, что было ниспослано с небес святости в Его Наисвятой Книге. Речет Он, великий во Славе Своей: «Вступайте в брак, о люди, да произойдет от вас тот, кто помянет Меня среди слуг Моих. Таково Мое повеление вам; держитесь крепко его, как поддержки для вас».

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00787SPL (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, O Thou Who hast cast Thy splendor over the luminous realities of men, shedding upon them the resplendent lights of knowledge and guidance, and hast chosen them out of all created things for this supernal grace, and hast caused them to encompass all things, to understand their inmost essence, and to disclose their mysteries, bringing them forth out of darkness into the visible world! “He verily showeth His special mercy to whomsoever He will.”¹
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 55:19-22.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[963] Prayer UUID: 511dc49962fc

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[964] Prayer UUID: 5f29f443-f80e-49a2-9730-9d7d24d89e4e

FULL TEXT (ru):
Сотвори во мне чистое сердце, о мой Боже, и совесть спокойную во мне возроди, о Надежда моя! Духом мощи Твоей утверди меня в Деле Твоем, о Возлюбленный мой, светом славы Твоей укажи мне стезю Твою, о Ты, Цель моих устремлений! Силою Твоей неодолимой мощи вознеси меня к Небесам святости Твоей, о Начало моего бытия! Дуновением вечности Твоей возрадуй меня, о мой Боже!

Да навеют на меня безмятежность вечные напевы Твои, о мой Спутник, да оградят меня сокровища Твоего древнего лика ото всего, кроме Тебя, о мой Господин, и да принесет мне радость благая весть об откровении нетленной Сущности Твоей, о Ты, из явных Явнейший, Сокровеннейший из сокрытых.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB11605 (Confidence: %!d(float64=75)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!  O God, my God!  Bestow upon me a pure heart, like unto a pearl.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[965] Prayer UUID: 5fcf2521-d42d-40d5-82de-4be15f0a0bc4

FULL TEXT (ru):
О Боже, мой Боже! Я выступил из дома своего, крепко держась за нить любви Твоей, и я всецело поручил себя Твоей заботе и Твоей защите. Молю Тебя могуществом Твоим, которым Ты обезопасил возлюбленных Своих от заблудших и порочных, от всякого творящего насилие, от всякого злодея, сбившегося с Твоего пути,— храни меня Своею милостью и благодатью. Позволь же мне — могуществом Твоим и силою Твоей — домой вернуться.

Воистину, Ты Всемогущий, Помощник в Опасности, Самосущный.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00314HOR (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  From the horizon of detachment Thou hast manifested souls that, even as the shining moon, shed radiance upon the realm of heart and soul, rid themselves from the attributes of the world of existence and hastened forth unto the kingdom of immortality.  With a drop from the ocean of Thy loving-kindness Thou didst oft-times moisten the gardens of their hearts until they gained incomparable freshness and beauty.  The holy fragrance of Thy divine unity was diffused far and wide, shedding its sweet savors over the entire world, causing the regions of the earth to be redolent with perfume.
      Last:  O Thou kind Lord!  Grant that this youth may attain unto that which is the highest aspiration of the holy ones.  Endow him with the wings of Thy strengthening grace—wings of detachment and divine aid—that he may soar thereby into the atmosphere of Thy tender mercy, be able to partake of Thy celestial bestowals, may become a sign of divine guidance and a standard of the Concourse on high.  Thou art the Potent, the Powerful, the Seeing, the Hearing.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[966] Prayer UUID: 69458ea82a3d

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH07105 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee, by Thy Most Great Name through which Thou didst stir up Thy servants and build up Thy cities, and by Thy most excellent titles, and Thy most august attributes, to assist Thy people to turn in the direction of Thy manifold bounties, and set their faces towards the Tabernacle of Thy wisdom.  Heal Thou the sicknesses that have assailed the souls on every side, and have deterred them from directing their gaze towards the Paradise that lieth in the shelter of Thy shadowing Name, which Thou didst ordain to be the King of all names unto all who are in heaven and all who are on earth.  Potent art Thou to do as pleaseth Thee.  In Thy hands is the empire of all names.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Wise.
      Last:  Thou art truly the Lord of this life and of the next.  Thou art, in truth, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[967] Prayer UUID: 6f76dfb2a0e2

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB09139 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God! O my God! This, Thy servant, hath advanced towards Thee, is passionately wandering in the desert of Thy love, walking in the path of Thy service, anticipating Thy favors, hoping for Thy bounty, relying upon Thy kingdom, and intoxicated by the wine of Thy gift. O my God! Increase the fervor of his affection for Thee, the constancy of his praise of Thee, and the ardor of his love for Thee.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Most Generous, the Lord of grace abounding. There is no other God but Thee, the Forgiving, the Merciful.

  [2] AB10324 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Thou seest these children who are the twigs of the tree of life, the birds of the meads of salvation, the pearls of the ocean of Thy grace, the roses of the garden of Thy guidance.
      Last:  O God, our Lord!  We sing Thy praise, bear witness to Thy sanctity and implore fervently the heaven of Thy mercy to make us lights of guidance, stars shining above the horizons of eternal glory amongst mankind, and to teach us a knowledge which proceedeth from Thee.  Yá Bahá’u’l-Abhá!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[968] Prayer UUID: 8ba514d1-4cbd-4154-a3a6-a6154b9a9eda

FULL TEXT (ru):
*(Молитва открыта для бахаи Соединенных Штатов и Канады)
*Всякий, отправившись в чужие земли, дабы обучать Вере, пусть во время странствий — денно и нощно — возносит сию молитву:

О Боже, мой Боже! Ты видишь, что я восхищен и пленен Твоим царствием славы, воспламенен огнем Твоей любви среди человеков, вестник царствия Твоего в сих обширных и раздольных землях, отрешенный ото всего, кроме Тебя, уповающий на Тебя, забывший об отдыхе и удобстве, пребывающий вдали от родного дома, путник в сих краях, чужестранец, павший наземь, смиренный пред возвышенным Порогом Твоим, покорный пред небесами высочайшей славы Твоей, взывающий к Тебе в тиши ночной и на рассвете, просящий и умоляющий Тебя поутру и вечерней порою,— милостиво помоги мне служить Делу Твоему, повсюду распространять учения Твои и возвышать Слово Твое как на Востоке, так и на Западе.

О Господи! Укрепи мой стан, и сподобь меня служить Тебе с великим усердием, и не предоставляй меня самому себе, одинокому и беспомощному в сих краях.

О Господи! В одиночестве моем удостой меня общения с Тобой и будь моим сопутником в сих чужых землях.

Воистину, Ты поддерживаешь всякого, кого пожелаешь, в том, что угодно Тебе, и, воистину, Ты Всемогущий, Всесильный.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] AB00218SOU (Confidence: %!d(float64=70)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou incomparable God!  O Thou Lord of the Kingdom!  These souls are Thy heavenly army.  Assist them and, with the cohorts of the Supreme Concourse, make them victorious, so that each one of them may become like unto a regiment and conquer these countries through the love of God and the illumination of divine teachings.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty and the Omnipotent, and Thou art the Wise, the Hearing and the Seeing.

  [2] AB00210BIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=70)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The following commune is to be read ... every day:
      Last:  O Lord! I am single, alone and lowly. For me there is no support save Thee, no helper except Thee and no sustainer beside Thee. Confirm me in Thy service, assist me with the cohorts of Thy angels, make me victorious in the promotion of Thy Word and suffer me to speak out Thy wisdom amongst Thy creatures. Verily, Thou art the helper of the weak and the defender of the little ones, and verily Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty and the Unconstrained.

  [3] AB00209UND (Confidence: %!d(float64=70)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Every soul who travels through the cities, villages and hamlets of these States and is engaged in the diffusion of the fragrances of God, should peruse this commune every morning:
      Last:  Thou art the Omnipotent and the Doer of whatsoever Thou willest.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[969] Prayer UUID: 8ecb7430de44

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00044PRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=70)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Provider! Thou hast breathed over the friends in the West the sweet fragrance of the Holy Spirit, and with the light of divine guidance Thou hast lit up the western sky. Thou hast made those who were once remote to draw near unto Thyself; Thou hast turned strangers into loving friends; Thou hast awakened those who slept; Thou hast made the heedless mindful.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful, and Thou art the God of strength, the Omnipotent, the All-Seeing.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[970] Prayer UUID: 914324f1346a

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (5 options):

  [1] BH05768 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I venture to make mention of Thee, I am held back by my mighty sins and grievous trespasses against Thee, and find myself wholly deprived of Thy grace, and utterly powerless to celebrate Thy praise.  My great confidence in Thy bounty, however, reviveth my hope in Thee, and my certitude that Thou wilt bountifully deal with me emboldeneth me to extol Thee, and to ask of Thee the things Thou dost possess.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds!

  [2] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [3] BH07113 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Thou seest and knowest that I have called upon Thy servants to turn nowhere except in the direction of Thy bestowals, and have bidden them observe naught save the things Thou didst prescribe in Thy Perspicuous Book, the Book which hath been sent down according to Thine inscrutable decree and irrevocable purpose.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [4] BH09809 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how Thy loved ones have been encompassed by the rebellious amongst Thy creatures and the wicked amidst Thy people.  No land remaineth but the lamentation of Thy lovers and the wailing of Thy chosen ones were lifted up therein.  I beseech Thee by Thy Most Great Name to draw forth the hand of power from the bosom of Thy might and to assist therewith all them that love Thee.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Informed.

  [5] BH09874 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! Every man of insight confesseth Thy sovereignty and Thy dominion, and every discerning eye perceiveth the greatness of Thy majesty and the compelling power of Thy might. The winds of tests are powerless to hold back them that enjoy near access to Thee from setting their faces towards the horizon of Thy glory, and the tempests of trials must fail to draw away and hinder such as are wholly devoted to Thy will from approaching Thy court.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my God, by them and by the sighs which their hearts utter in their separation from Thee, to keep them safe from the mischief of Thine adversaries, and to nourish their souls with what Thou hast ordained for Thy loved ones on whom shall come no fear and who shall not be put to grief.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[972] Prayer UUID: a55ac4b4a5dd

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH09404 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified art Thou, O Lord of the entire creation, the One unto Whom all things must turn.  With my inner and outer tongues I bear witness that thou hast manifested and revealed Thyself, sent down Thy signs, and proclaimed Thy testimonies.  I testify to Thy self-sufficiency from aught else except Thee, and Thy sanctity above all earthly things.  I entreat Thee by the transcendent glory of Thy Cause and the supreme potency of Thy Word to grant confirmation unto him who desireth to offer what Thou hast prescribed unto him in Thy Book and to observe that which will shed forth the fragrance of Thine acceptance.  Verily Thou art the All-Mighty, the All-Gracious, the All-Forgiving, the All-Generous.

  [2] BH10231 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how the wrongs committed by such of Thy creatures as have turned their backs to Thee have come in between Him in Whom Thy Godhead is manifest and Thy servants.  Send down upon them, O my Lord, what will cause them to be busied with each others' concerns.  Let, then, their violence be confined to their own selves, that the land and they that dwell therein may find peace.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, Whose help is implored by all men.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[973] Prayer UUID: a5939497fba0

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH06429 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Thou art He the fire of Whose love hath set ablaze the hearts of them who have recognized Thy unity, and the splendors of Whose countenance have illuminated the faces of such as have drawn nigh unto Thy court.  How plenteous, O my God, is the stream of Thy knowledge!  How sweet, O my Beloved, is the injury which, in my love for Thee, and for the sake of Thy pleasure, I suffer from the darts of the wicked doers!  How pleasing are the wounds which, in Thy path and in order to proclaim Thy Faith, I sustain from the swords of the infidels!
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do what Thou pleasest.  Thou art, verily, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [2] BH08822 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Him Who is Thy Most Great Name, Who hath been sorely afflicted by such of Thy creatures as have repudiated Thy truth, and Who hath been hemmed in by sorrows which no tongue can describe, to grant that I may remember Thee and celebrate Thy praise, in these days when all have turned away from Thy beauty, have disputed with Thee, and turned away disdainfully from Him Who is the Revealer of Thy Cause.  None is there, O my Lord, to help Thee except Thine own Self, and no power to succor Thee save Thine own power.
      Last:  I entreat Thee to enable me to cleave steadfastly in Thy love and Thy remembrance.  This is, verily, within my power, and Thou art the One that knoweth all that is in me.  Thou, in truth, art knowing, apprised of all.  Deprive me not, O my Lord, of the splendors of the light of Thy face,whose brightness hath illuminated the whole world.  No God is there beside Thee, the Most Powerful, the All-Glorious, the Ever-Forgiving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[974] Prayer UUID: ada5577b17ae

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00005SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou seest me, O my Lord, with my face turned towards the heaven of Thy bounty and the ocean of Thy favor, withdrawn from all else beside Thee.  I ask of Thee, by the splendors of the Sun of Thy revelation on Sinai, and the effulgences of the Orb of Thy grace which shineth from the horizon of Thy Name, the Ever-Forgiving, to grant me Thy pardon and to have mercy upon me.  Write down, then, for me with Thy pen of glory that which will exalt me through Thy Name in the world of creation.  Aid me, O my Lord, to set myself towards Thee, and to hearken unto the voice of Thy loved ones, whom the powers of the earth have failed to weaken, and the dominion of the nations has been powerless to withhold from Thee, and who, advancing towards Thee, have said: “God is our Lord, the Lord of all who are in heaven and all who are on earth!”

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[975] Prayer UUID: b49f7b26-81bf-4355-b653-c7c0df95e45d

FULL TEXT (ru):
О Боже, мой Боже! Наполни для меня чашу отрешенности ото всего сущего и в окружении великолепия Твоего и даров Твоих возрадуй меня вином любви к Тебе. Избавь меня от натиска страстей и желаний, сбей с меня оковы сего низменного мира, увлеки меня, исполненную восторга, в Твое небесное царство и среди служанок Твоих освежи меня дыханием святости Твоей.

О Господи, осияй лицо мое светом Твоих щедрот, озари очи мои созерцанием знамений Твоей всепокоряющей силы, услади мое сердце славой знания Твоего, что объемлет все сущее, возрадуй душу мою Твоими животворящими вестями о великом ликовании, о Ты, Царь мира дольнего и Царствия горнего, о Ты, Господь владычества и мощи, дабы могла я повсюду распространять знамения Твои и знаки, и провозглашать Дело Твое, и нести Твое учение, и служить Твоему Закону, и возвышать Твое Слово.

Ты, воистину, Властный, Вечно Дарующий, Мoгущественный, Всесильный.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [2] AB10769 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my Lord, my Beloved, my Desire! Befriend me in my loneliness and accompany me in my exile. Remove my sorrow. Cause me to be devoted to Thy beauty. Withdraw me from all else save Thee. Attract me through Thy fragrances of holiness. Cause me to be associated in Thy Kingdom with those who are severed from all else save Thee, who long to serve Thy sacred threshold and who stand to work in Thy Cause. Enable me to be one of Thy maidservants who have attained to Thy good pleasure. Verily, Thou art the Gracious, the Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[976] Prayer UUID: ba18d95b-163b-4d0d-ac9e-9501413ee188

FULL TEXT (ru):
О Ты, Боже благой! В полном смирении и покорности просим и умоляем мы у Твоего порога, взыскуя Твоих бесчисленных подтверждений и Твоей безграничной поддержки. О Господи! Воскреси души сии и пожалуй им новую жизнь. Освежи дух, наполни сердца знанием, открой очи и сделай внимательным слух. Из Твоей древней сокровищницы ниспошли новое бытие и новый дух, и из Твоей предвечной обители помоги им обрести новые подтверждения.

О Боже! Воистину, мир нуждается в переустройстве. Даруй ему новое бытие. Ниспошли ему новизну мысли и раскрой ему небесные науки. Вдохни в него свежий дух и укажи ему цель более святую и более возвышенную.

О Боже! Воистину, Ты сделал сей век озаренным и явил в нем сияние Своего милосердия. Ты изгнал тьму предрассудков и дозволил воссиять свету уверенности. О Боже! Сподобь слуг сих удостоиться приятия у Твоего порога. Яви новые небеса и расстели для людей новую землю, дабы жили они на ней. Да снизойдет свыше новый Иерусалим. Ниспошли новые мысли и новую жизнь человечеству. Надели души новым восприятием и одари их новыми добродетелями. Ты, воистину, Всемогущий, Сильный. Ты Даритель, Великодушный.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH07180 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I yield Thee thanks for having enabled me to recognize the Manifestation of Thyself, and for having severed me from Thine enemies, and laid bare before mine eyes their misdeeds and wicked works in Thy days, and for having rid me of all attachment to them, and caused me to turn wholly towards Thy grace and bountiful favors.  I give Thee thanks, also, for having sent down upon me from the clouds of Thy will that which hath so sanctified me from the hints of the infidels and the allusions of the misbelievers that I have fixed my heart firmly on Thee, and fled from such as have denied the light of Thy countenance.  Again I thank Thee for having empowered me to be steadfast in Thy love, and to speak forth Thy praise and to extol Thy virtues, and for having given me to drink of the cup of Thy mercy that hath surpassed all things visible and invisible.
      Last:  Thou art the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the All-Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[977] Prayer UUID: bba9130d-e4d8-4bee-9719-f616352882dc

FULL TEXT (ru):
Всякое величие и слава, о мой Боже, всякое господство, свет, великолепие и блеск с Тобой пребудут. Ты даруешь владычество, кому пожелаешь, и, у кого восхочешь, отнимаешь его. Нет Бога, кроме Тебя, Всевладетельного, Наивозвышенного. Ты Тот, Кто из ничего творит Вселенную и все сущее в ней. Нет ничего, что было бы Тебя достойно, кроме Тебя Самого,— все же иные, помимо Тебя, суть лишь отверженные в Твоем святом присутствии и ничтожные пред славой Твоего Существа.

Да не стану я превозносить добродетели Твои иначе, чем превознесены они Самим Тобою в Твоей весомой Книге, где Ты речешь: «Не постигают Его взоры, но Он постигает взоры. Он Проницателен, Сведущий»1. Слава Тебе, о мой Боже, ибо поистине никакой ум или взор, сколь бы ни был он острым и чутким, не постигнет природу даже самого незначительного из знаков Твоих. Воистину, Ты есть Бог, и нет Бога, кроме Тебя. Свидетельствую, что лишь Ты один воплощаешь качества Свои, что ничья хвала, кроме Твоей, не достигнет святого двора Твоего и что качества Твои никто, помимо Тебя, не познает.

Слава Тебе — вознесен Ты превыше всякого описания, кроме Твоего Собственного, ибо за пределами человеческого разумения восхвалить Твои достоинства подобающим образом или объять глубинную природу Сути Твоей. Не пристало славе Твоей, чтобы создания Твои описали Тебя или познал Тебя кто-либо иной, кроме Тебя Самого. Я познал Тебя, о мой Боже, потому, что Ты поведал мне о Себе, и когда бы не явил Ты мне Себя, я бы не познал Тебя. Я поклоняюсь Тебе, ибо призвал Ты меня к Себе, и когда бы не Твой призыв, не стал бы я Тебе поклоняться. Восхвален Ты, о мой Боже; тяжки мои прегрешения, и велики грехи мои. Сколь позорна окажется участь моя в Твоем святом присутствии. Я не смог познать Тебя в той мере, в коей Ты явил Себя мне; я не смог поклоняться Тебе с преданностью, достойной призыва Твоего; я не смог повиноваться Тебе, ибо не шел я по стезе любви Твоей так, как Ты вдохновлял меня.

Свидетелем мне — мощь Твоя, о мой Боже: что подобает Тебе, неизмеримо величественнее и возвышеннее всего того, чего тщится достичь всякое существо. Поистине никто не постигнет Тебя так, дабы сие было достойно Тебя, и никакое раболепное создание не в состоянии почитать Тебя так, как сие приличествует величию Твоему. Столь совершенно и всеохватно доказательство Твое, о мой Боже, что его глубинная сущность превосходит представление какой бы то ни было души, и столь изобильны излияния Твоих даров, что никакое чувство не способно охватить их несметное число.

О мой Боже! О мой Владыка! Я заклинаю Тебя всевозможными щедротами Твоими и столпами, на коих зиждется Твой престол славы,— снизойди к сим смиренным душам, кои не в силах вынести испытаний сей мимолетной жизни, а тем более — выстоять под тяжестью наказания, что налагается по справедливости Твоей, что исходит от гнева Твоего и что пребудет веки вечные.

Я молю Тебя Самим Тобою, о мой Боже, мой Господь и мой Владыка,— заступись за меня. Я бежал от Твоей справедливости к Твоему милосердию. Для спасения своего ищу я лишь Тебя и тех, кто ни на мгновенье ока не отвратился от стези Твоей,— тех, ради кого Ты создал творение в знак Твоей благодати и щедрости.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH01125 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by Thy mighty Sign, and by the revelation of Thy grace amongst men, to cast me not away from the gate of the city of Thy presence, and to disappoint not the hopes I have set on the manifestations of Thy grace amidst Thy creatures.  Thou seest me, O my God, holding to Thy Name, the Most Holy, the Most Luminous, the Most Mighty, the Most Great, the Most Exalted, the Most Glorious, and clinging to the hem of the robe to which have clung all in this world and in the world to come.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my Lord, by Thyself, and by Thy signs, and Thy clear tokens, and the shining light of the Daystar of Thy Beauty, and Thy Branches, to cancel the trespasses of those who have held fast to Thy laws, and have observed what Thou hast prescribed unto them in Thy Book.  Thou seest me, O my God, holding to Thy Name, the Most Holy, the Most Luminous, the Most Mighty, the Most Great, the Most Exalted, the Most Glorious, and clinging to the hem of the robe to which have clung all in this world and in the world to come.

  [2] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [3] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[978] Prayer UUID: d14ed57b837f

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH07721 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou didst lift up the ensigns of Thy guidance, and didst shed the radiance of Thy loving-kindness, and didst reveal the sovereignty of Thy Lordship; through which the lamp of Thy names hath appeared within the niche of Thine attributes, and He Who is the Tabernacle of Thy unity and the Manifestation of detachment hath shone forth; through which the ways of Thy guidance were made known, and the paths of Thy good pleasure were marked out; through which the foundations of error have been made to tremble, and the signs of wickedness have been abolished; through which the fountains of wisdom have burst forth, and the heavenly table hath been sent down; through which Thou didst preserve Thy servants and didst vouchsafe Thy healing; through which Thou didst show forth Thy tender mercies unto Thy servants and revealedst Thy forgiveness amidst Thy creatures—I implore Thee to keep safe him who hath held fast and returned unto Thee, and clung to Thy mercy, and seized the hem of Thy loving providence.  Send down, then, upon him Thy healing, and make him whole, and endue him with a constancy vouchsafed by Thee, and a tranquillity bestowed by Thy highness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Healer, the Preserver, the Helper, the Almighty, the Powerful, the All-Glorious, the All-Knowing.

  [2] BH09399 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  My face hath been set towards Thy face, and my face is, verily, Thy face, and my call is Thy call, and my Revelation Thy Revelation, and my self Thy Self, and my Cause Thy Cause, and my behest Thy behest, and my Being Thy Being, and my sovereignty Thy sovereignty, and my glory Thy glory, and my power Thy power.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the Self-Subsisting.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[979] Prayer UUID: d7f1b2b92937

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH10581 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be unto Thee, O Lord my God!  We have observed the Fast in conformity with Thy bidding and break it now through Thy love and Thy good-pleasure.  Deign to accept, O my God, the deeds that we have performed in Thy path wholly for the sake of Thy beauty with our faces set towards Thy Cause, free from aught else but Thee.  Bestow, then, Thy forgiveness upon us, upon our forefathers, and upon all such as have believed in Thee and in Thy mighty signs in this most great, this most glorious Revelation.  Potent art Thou to do what Thou choosest. Thou art, verily, the Most Exalted, the Almighty, the Unconstrained.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[980] Prayer UUID: d83967e4-ed06-4e3a-a1f1-d945fdf181d0

FULL TEXT (ru):
Славен Ты, о Господи мой Боже! Возношу Тебе хвалу, ибо сподобил Ты меня признать Явление Тебя Самого, и удалил меня от врагов Твоих, и раскрыл пред моими очами их прегрешения и злодейства во дни Твои, и избавил меня ото всякой привязанности к ним, и дал мне всецело обратиться к Твоей благодати и щедрым милостям Твоим. И вновь благодарю Тебя, ибо ниспослал Ты мне из облаков воли Твоей то, что так очистило меня от наущений отступников и подстрекательств неверных, что я всем сердцем устремился к Тебе и бежал от тех, кто отвергает свет лика Твоего. И еще за то Тебя благодарю, что дал Ты мне силу быть стойким в любви к Тебе, и возносить хвалу Тебе, и воспевать добродетели Твои и позволил мне испить из чаши Твоей милости, превосходящей все зримое и незримое.

Ты Всемогущий, Наивозвышенный, Всеславный, Вселюбящий.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH09289 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me, O my God, to draw nigh unto Thee, and to abide within the precincts of Thy court, for remoteness from Thee hath well-nigh consumed me.  Cause me to rest under the shadow of the wings of Thy grace, for the flame of my separation from Thee hath melted my heart within me.  Draw me nearer unto the river that is life indeed, for my soul burneth with thirst in its ceaseless search after Thee.  My sighs, O my God, proclaim the bitterness of mine anguish, and the tears I shed attest my love for Thee.
      Last:  Glorified be Thy name, O Thou Who art the King of all Kings!

  [2] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[981] Prayer UUID: d9ebd5fc-ecd0-4f01-a5b1-81e845330ba5

FULL TEXT (ru):
Господи мой! Господи мой! Восхваляю Тебя и благодарю за то, чем одарил Ты смиренную служанку Твою, рабу, взывающую к Тебе и умоляющую Тебя, ибо, воистину, Ты направил ее в явное Царствие Твое, сподобил ее внять возвышенному Зову Твоему в сем преходящем мире и узреть Знамения Твои, что свидетельствуют о наступлении Твоего победоносного владычества надо всем сущим.

О мой Господи, Тебе посвящаю я то, что ношу во чреве своем. Дай же чаду сему по милости и щедрости Твоей стать достойным и счастливым в Царствии Твоем, и пусть растет оно и развивается под сенью наставления Твоего. Воистину, Ты Благодатный! Воистину, Ты Господь Великой Милости!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB08704NEW (Confidence: %!d(float64=50)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Bless Thou, O King of Kings, the city of New York!  Cause the friends there to be kind to one another.  Purify their souls and make their hearts to be free and detached.  Illumine the world of their consciousness.  Exhilarate their spirits and bestow celestial power and confirmation upon them.  Establish there a heavenly realm, so that the City of Baha may prosper and New York be favoured with blessings from the Abha Kingdom, that this region may become like the all-highest Paradise, may develop into a vineyard of God and be transformed into a heavenly orchard and a spiritual rose garden.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[982] Prayer UUID: dc5c3f15d094

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB10492 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind lord!
      Last:  Thou art the Bestower, the All-Loving.

  [2] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[983] Prayer UUID: dcf632b2-49af-47d1-8f62-ff292deeca62

FULL TEXT (ru):
Он есть Милостивый, Всещедрый! О Боже, мой Боже! Твой зов привлек меня, и голос Твоего Пера Славы пробудил меня. Поток Твоих святых речей восхитил меня, и вино Твоего вдохновения привело меня в восторг. Ты видишь, о Господи, что отрешился я ото всего, помимо Тебя, держусь за нить даров Твоих и молю о чудесах Твоей благодати. Прошу Тебя вечными волнами Твоей доброты и сияющими огнями Твоей нежной заботы и благоволения — пожалуй мне то, что приблизит меня к Тебе, и сделай меня богатым Твоими сокровищами. Уста мои, перо и все существо мое свидетельствуют о Твоем могуществе, Твоей мощи, Твоей благодати и Твоей щедрости, что Ты есть Бог, и нет иного Бога, кроме Тебя, Могущественного, Сильного.

Я свидетельствую в сей час, о мой Боже, о беспомощности своей и Твоей верховной власти, о слабости своей и Твоей силе. Не ведаю я, что мне во благо, а что — во вред; Ты, воистину, Всезнающий, Всемудрый. Определи для меня, о Господи, мой Боже и мой Повелитель, то, что поможет мне довольствоваться Твоим вечным велением и принесет мне процветание в каждом из Твоих миров. Ты, воистину, Милостивый, Щедрый.

Господи! Не отвращай меня от океана Твоего богатства и небес Твоей милости и предпиши мне благое мира сего и мира грядущего. Воистину, Ты Господь престола милости, царствующий в горних обителях; нет иного Бога, кроме Тебя, Единого, Всезнающего, Всемудрого.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH07426DRE (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou, at Whose dreadful majesty all things have trembled, in Whose grasp are the affairs of all men, towards Whose grace and mercy are set the faces of all Thy creatures!  I entreat Thee, by Thy Name which Thou hast ordained to be the spirit of all names that are in the kingdom of names, to shield us from the whisperings of those who have turned away from Thee, and have repudiated the truth of Thy most august and most exalted Self, in this Revelation that hath caused the kingdom of Thy names to tremble.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the God of power, of strength and glory.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[984] Prayer UUID: e3263b8e-e0ab-4f7f-a6e3-9a161c749c63

FULL TEXT (ru):
Ты Тот, о мой Боже, Чьими именами исцеляются больные, и укрепляются немощные, и жаждущим дается питье, и успокаиваются измученные недугом, и наставляются заблудшие, и возвышаются униженные, и обогащаются неимущие, и просвещаются невежественные, и озаряются угрюмые, и ободряются опечаленные, и отогреваются озябшие, и поверженные восстают. Именем Твоим, о мой Боже, всколыхнулось все сущее, и раскинуты небеса, и создана земля, и сотворены облака, и дождь излит на землю. Сие, воистину, есть знак благодати Твоей всем созданиям Твоим.

Посему молю Тебя именем Твоим, чрез кое проявил Ты Божие Естество Твое и возвысил Дело Твое надо всем творением, и каждым из Твоих совершеннейших имен и величественных качеств, и всеми добродетелями, коими прославлено Твое неземное и наивозвышенное Существо,—ниспошли сей ночью из облаков Твоей милости целительные дожди Твои на сего немощного, коего связал Ты со всеславной Сутью Твоей в царстве творения Твоего. Облачи же его, о мой Боже, по благодати Твоей, в одеяния благополучия и здравия и храни его, о Возлюбленный мой, ото всякой болезни и недуга и ото всего, что противно Тебе. Подлинно могуществу Твоему подвластно все. Ты, воистину, Наимогущественный, Самосущный. Ниспошли же ему, о мой Боже, благое мира сего и мира грядущего, благое прошлых поколений и последующих. Мощь и мудрость Твои, воистину, объемлют все.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[985] Prayer UUID: e5e3ace2-40b0-4d92-91c3-bc3a98beeaaf

FULL TEXT (ru):
Да восславится имя Твое, о мой Бог и Бог всего сущего, моя Слава и Слава всего сущего, мое Желание и Желание всего сущего, моя Сила и Сила всего сущего, мой Царь и Царь всего сущего, мой Владетель и Владетель всего сущего, моя Цель и Цель всего сущего, мой Движитель и Движитель всего сущего! Умоляю Тебя — не допусти, дабы я был лишен океана нежных милостей Твоих и отдалился от берегов близости к Тебе.

Ничто, кроме Тебя, о мой Господи, не принесет мне пользы, и близость к кому бы то ни было, помимо Тебя, ничего мне не даст. Молю Тебя обилием Твоих богатств, чрез кои независим Ты ото всех, кроме Себя, причислить меня к тем, кто обратил к Тебе лицо свое и кто поднялся на служение Тебе.

Прости же, о мой Господи, Твоих слуг и служанок. Ты, истинно, Вечно Прощающий, Наисострадательный.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [2] BH09162 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Whose face is the object of the adoration of all that yearn after Thee, Whose presence is the hope of such as are wholly devoted to Thy will, Whose nearness is the desire of all that have drawn nigh unto Thy court, Whose countenance is the companion of those who have recognized Thy truth, Whose name is the mover of the souls that long to behold Thy face, Whose voice is the true life of Thy lovers, the words of Whose mouth are as the waters of life unto all who are in heaven and on earth!
      Last:  No God is there beside Thee, the Mighty, the Ever-Abiding, the All-Bounteous, the Most Generous.

  [3] BH09498 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God and the God of all Names, and the Maker of the heavens!  I entreat Thee by Thy Name through which He Who is the Dayspring of Thy might and the Dawning-Place of Thy power hath been manifested, through which every solid thing hath been made to flow, and every dead corpse hath been quickened, and every moving spirit confirmed—I entreat Thee to enable me to rid myself of all attachment to any one but Thee, and to serve Thy Cause, and to wish what Thou didst wish through the power of Thy sovereignty, and to perform what is the good pleasure of Thy will.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, moreover, O my God, to ordain for me what will make me rich enough to dispense with any one save Thee.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face turned towards Thee, and my hands clinging to the cord of Thy grace.  Send down upon me Thy mercy, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Bountiful.

  [4] BH09508 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O my God!  I yield Thee thanks that Thou hast made known unto me Him who is the Dayspring of Thy mercy, and the Dawning-Place of Thy grace, and the Repository of Thy Cause.  I beseech Thee by Thy Name, through which the faces of them that are nigh unto Thee have turned white, and the hearts of such as are devoted to Thee have winged their flight towards Thee, to grant that I may, at all times and under all conditions, lay hold on Thy cord, and be rid of all attachment to anyone except Thee, and may keep mine eyes directed towards the horizon of Thy Revelation, and may carry out what Thou hast prescribed unto me in Thy Tablets.
      Last:  Thou, truly, art the Lord of all mankind, and the Possessor of this world and of the next.  No God is there save Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[987] Prayer UUID: fc18264e052f

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[988] Prayer UUID: ff29ea7b-76fe-4d25-8bf3-43edf1aba3e4

FULL TEXT (ru):
Славен Ты, о Господи  мой Боже! Заклинаю Тебя Избранниками и Доверенными Твоими и Тем, Кому назначил Ты быть Печатью Твоих Пророков и Твоих Посланников,— пусть поминание Тебя будет моим спутником, любовь Твоя —моей целью, лик Твой — моим устремлением, имя Твое — моим светильником, воля Твоя — моим желанием и благоволение Твое — моей радостью.

Грешен я, о мой Господи, а Ты — Вечно Прощающий. Как только признал я Тебя, так поспешил достичь возвышенного двора Твоей нежной заботы. Отпусти мне, о мой Господи, грехи, что мешают мне ходить угодными Тебе путями и достичь берегов океана Твоего единства.

Нет никого, о мой Господи, кто проявил бы щедрость ко мне и к кому я мог бы обратить лицо свое, и никого, кто сострадал бы мне, дабы мог я просить его о милости. Молю Тебя — не изгоняй меня из обители Твоей благодати и не удерживай от меня излияний Твоего великодушия и щедрости. Назначь мне то, о мой Господи, что назначил Ты любящим Тебя, и предпиши мне То, что предписал Ты избранным Твоим. Во всякое время взор мой обращен к небосклону Твоего милосердного провидения и очи мои устремлены ко двору Твоей нежной милости. Поступай со мной, как подобает Тебе. Нет Бога, кроме Тебя — Бога силы, Бога славы, Того, к Кому о помощи взывает всякий человек.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (6 options):

  [1] BH07661 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I attempt to make mention of Thee, I am hindered by the sublimity of Thy station and the overpowering greatness of Thy might.  For were I to praise Thee throughout the length of Thy dominion and the duration of Thy sovereignty, I would find that my praise of Thee can befit only such as are like unto me, who are themselves Thy creatures, and who have been generated through the power of Thy decree and been fashioned through the potency of Thy will.  And at whatever time my pen ascribeth glory to any one of Thy names, methinks I can hear the voice of its lamentation in its remoteness from Thee, and can recognize its cry because of its separation from Thy Self.  I testify that everything other than Thee is but Thy creation and is held in the hollow of Thy hand.  To have accepted any act or praise from Thy creatures is but an evidence of the wonders of Thy grace and bountiful favors, and a manifestation of Thy generosity and providence.
      Last:  I entreat Thee, O my Lord, by Thy Most Great Name whereby Thou didst separate light from fire, and truth from denial, to send down upon me and upon such of my loved ones as are in my company the good of this world and of the next.  Supply us, then, with Thy wondrous gifts that are hid from the eyes of men.  Thou art, verily, the Fashioner of all creation.  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most High.

  [2] BH08242 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee, by Thy Name which none hath befittingly recognized, and whose import no soul hath fathomed; I beseech Thee, by Him Who is the Fountainhead of Thy Revelation and the Dayspring of Thy signs, to make my heart to be a receptacle of Thy love and of remembrance of Thee.  Knit it, then, to Thy most great Ocean, that from it may flow out the living waters of Thy wisdom and the crystal streams of Thy glorification and praise.
      Last:  Thou, verily, art the Most Powerful, the Most High, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [3] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [4] BH08264 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  Thou hearest Thine ardent lovers lamenting in their separation from Thee, and such as have recognized Thee wailing because of their remoteness from Thy presence.  Open Thou outwardly to their faces, O my Lord, the gates of Thy grace, that they may enter them by Thy leave and in conformity with Thy will, and may stand before the throne of Thy majesty, and catch the accents of Thy voice, and be illumined with the splendors of the light of Thy face.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [5] BH08308 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Abase not him whom Thou hast exalted through the power of Thine everlasting sovereignty, and remove not far from Thee him whom Thou hast caused to enter the tabernacle of Thine eternity.  Wilt Thou cast away, O my God, him whom Thou hast overshadowed with Thy Lordship, and wilt Thou turn away from Thee, O my Desire, him to whom Thou hast been a refuge?  Canst Thou degrade him whom Thou hast uplifted, or forget him whom Thou didst enable to remember Thee?
      Last:  Glorified, immeasurably glorified art Thou!  Thou art adored in Thy truth, and Thee do we all, verily, worship; and Thou art manifest in Thy justice, and to thee do we all, verily, bear witness.  Thou art, in truth, beloved in Thy grace.  No God is there but Thee, the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [6] BH08824 (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified, O Lord my God, be Thy Name, whereby the trees of the garden of Thy Revelation have been clad with verdure, and been made to yield the fruits of holiness during this Springtime when the sweet savors of Thy favors and blessings have been wafted over all things, and caused them to bring forth whatsoever had been preordained for them in the Kingdom of Thine irrevocable decree and the Heaven of Thine immutable purpose. I beseech Thee by this very Name not to suffer me to be far from the court of Thy holiness, nor debarred from the exalted sanctuary of Thy unity and oneness.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XCVI

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________


═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
LANGUAGE: TL
═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[990] Prayer UUID: 014d819f-1597-41d0-9c8d-47fe1c1f347c
Name: Spiritual Qualities

FULL TEXT (vi):
## Pili'uhane he ˇAno
* Spiritual Qualities

E ku'u Akua!

Ho'ano hou a ho'ohau'oli i ku'u ˇuhane. Ho'oma'ema'e i ku'u na'au. Ho'omalamalama i ku'u mana. Ke waiho mai nei wau ia'u iho a me ko'u mau pono apau i loko o Kou mau Lima. ˇO ˇOe no ko'u Kia'i a me ko'u Pu'uhonua. ˇA'ole au e kaumaha hou, ˇa'ole e ˇeha'eha hou; He hau'oli nui ko'u a me ka ˇoli'oli imua ou. E ku'u Akua! ˇa'ole au pÔhoihoi no, ˇa'ole au no'ono'o i ka po pilikia. ˇA'ole au e no'ono'o hou i na mea ˇino'ino like ˇole o kÎÔa ola ˇana. 

E ku'u Akua! ˇO ˇOe ku'u hoaloha i oi aku ma mua o ko'u maika'i ia'u iho. Ke ho'omahana nei au iho Nou, E ku'u Haku.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (112 options):

  [1] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=32)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [2] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [3] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=32)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [4] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

  [5] BB00617 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I beg Thee to forgive me, O my Lord, for every mention but the mention of Thee, and for every praise but the praise of Thee, and for every delight but delight in Thy nearness, and for every pleasure but the pleasure of communion with Thee, and for every joy but the joy of Thy love and of Thy good-pleasure, and for all things pertaining unto me which bear no relationship unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of lords, He Who provideth the means and unlocketh the doors.

  [6] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [7] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [8] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [9] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [10] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [11] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [12] BH05768 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I venture to make mention of Thee, I am held back by my mighty sins and grievous trespasses against Thee, and find myself wholly deprived of Thy grace, and utterly powerless to celebrate Thy praise.  My great confidence in Thy bounty, however, reviveth my hope in Thee, and my certitude that Thou wilt bountifully deal with me emboldeneth me to extol Thee, and to ask of Thee the things Thou dost possess.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds!

  [13] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [14] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [15] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [16] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [17] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [18] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [19] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [20] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [21] AB10703RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord! Make this youth radiant and confer Thy bounty upon this poor creature. Bestow upon him knowledge, grant him added strength at the break of every morn and guard him within the shelter of Thy protection so that he may be freed from error, may devote himself to the service of Thy Cause, may guide the wayward, lead the hapless, free the captives and awaken the heedless, that all may be blessed with Thy remembrance and praise. Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

  [22] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [23] BH03470 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: O God, guide me
      First: O God, guide me, protect me, make of me a shining lamp and a brilliant star.  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

  [24] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [25] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [26] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [27] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [28] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [29] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [30] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [31] BH04421HEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Create in me a pure heart, O my God, and renew a tranquil conscience within me, O my Hope!  Through the spirit of power confirm Thou me in Thy Cause, O my Best-Beloved, and by the light of Thy glory reveal unto me Thy path, O Thou the Goal of my desire!  Through the power of Thy transcendent might lift me up unto the heaven of Thy holiness, O Source of my being, and by the breezes of Thine eternity gladden me, O Thou Who art my God!  Let Thine everlasting melodies breathe tranquillity on me, O my Companion, and let the riches of Thine ancient countenance deliver me from all except Thee, O my Master, and let the tidings of the revelation of Thine incorruptible Essence bring me joy, O Thou Who art the most manifest of the manifest and the most hidden of the hidden!

  [32] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [33] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [34] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [35] BH07426FOO (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord!  Make Thy beauty to be my food, and Thy presence my drink, and Thy pleasure my hope, and praise of Thee my action, and remembrance of Thee my companion, and the power of Thy sovereignty my succorer, and Thy habitation my home, and my dwelling-place the seat Thou hast sanctified from the limitations imposed upon them who are shut out as by a veil from Thee.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Powerful.

  [36] BB00002ENA (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Enable all the peoples of the earth to gain admittance into the Paradise of Thy Faith, so that no created being may remain beyond the bounds of Thy good-pleasure.
      Last:  From time immemorial Thou hast been potent to do what pleaseth Thee and transcendent above whatsoever Thou desirest.

  [37] ABU0070GAT (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These are Thy servants who have gathered in this meeting, have turned unto Thy kingdom and are in need of Thy bestowal and blessing. O Thou God! Manifest and make evident the signs of Thy oneness which have been deposited in all the realities of life. Reveal and unfold the virtues which Thou hast made latent and concealed in these human realities.
      Last:  Thou art mighty. Thou art powerful. Thou art the Giver, and Thou art the Ever-Bounteous.

  [38] BB00630 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Thou art the Remover of every anguish and the Dispeller of every affliction.  Thou art He Who banisheth every sorrow and setteth free every slave, the Redeemer of every soul.  O Lord!  Grant deliverance through Thy mercy, and reckon me among such servants of Thine as have gained salvation.

  [39] BH08264 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  Thou hearest Thine ardent lovers lamenting in their separation from Thee, and such as have recognized Thee wailing because of their remoteness from Thy presence.  Open Thou outwardly to their faces, O my Lord, the gates of Thy grace, that they may enter them by Thy leave and in conformity with Thy will, and may stand before the throne of Thy majesty, and catch the accents of Thy voice, and be illumined with the splendors of the light of Thy face.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [40] BH08852 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  One of Thy handmaidens, who hath believed in Thee and in Thy signs, hath entered beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness.  Give her to quaff, O my God, by Thy Name, the Manifest and the Hidden, of Thy choice sealed Wine that it may take her away from her own self, and make her to be entirely devoted to Thy remembrance, and wholly detached from any one beside Thee.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, the God of knowledge and wisdom.

  [41] BH09960 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  Thou art He Whom all things worship and Who worshipeth no one, Who is the Lord of all things and is the vassal of none, Who knoweth all things and is known of none. Thou didst wish to make Thyself known unto men; therefore, Thou didst, through a word of Thy mouth, bring creation into being and fashion the universe.  There is none other God except Thee, the Fashioner, the Creator, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.
      Last:  Thou art the God of power, of glory and bounty.  No God is there beside Thee, the Supreme Ruler, the All-Glorious, the Omniscient.

  [42] BB00374 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Vouchsafe unto me, O my God, the full measure of Thy love and Thy good-pleasure, and through the attractions of Thy resplendent light enrapture our hearts, O Thou Who art the Supreme Evidence and the All-Glorified.  Send down upon me, as a token of Thy grace, Thy vitalizing breezes, throughout the daytime and in the night season, O Lord of bounty.
      Last:  Indeed shouldst Thou desire to confer blessing upon a servant Thou wouldst blot out from the realm of his heart every mention or disposition except Thine Own mention; and shouldst Thou ordain evil for a servant by reason of that which his hands have unjustly wrought before Thy face, Thou wouldst test him with the benefits of this world and of the next that he might become preoccupied therewith and forget Thy remembrance.

  [43] AB03017CAL (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! This Thy handmaid is calling upon Thee, trusting in Thee, turning her face unto Thee, imploring Thee to shed thy heavenly bounties upon her, and to disclose unto her Thy spiritual mysteries, and to cast upon her the lights of Thy Godhead.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Ever-Bestowing, the Open of Hand.

  [44] AB11281 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord! This a lamp lighted by the fire of Thy love and ablaze with the flame which is ignited in the tree of Thy mercy. O my Lord! Increase his enkindlement, heat and flame, with the fire which is kindled in the Sinai of Thy Manifestation. Verily, Thou art the Confirmer, the Assister, the Powerful, the Generous, the Loving.

  [45] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [46] AB00431PIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lord!  Pitiful are we, grant us Thy favor; poor, bestow upon us a share from the ocean of Thy wealth;needy, do Thou satisfy us; abased, give us Thy glory.  The fowls of the air and the beasts of the field receive their meat each day from Thee and all beings partake of Thy care and loving kindness.
      Last:  Give us our daily bread and grant Thine increase in the necessities of life, that we may be dependent on none other than Thee, may commune wholly with Thee, may walk in Thy ways and declare Thy mysteries. Thou art the Almighty and the Loving and the Provider of all mankind.

  [47] BH03109KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God, exalted is He, the Lord of loving-kindness and bounty!
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Single, the Powerful, the Omniscient, the Bountiful.

  [48] AB02326 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  O Lord, my God! Lowly are these servants of Thine, exalt them in Thy kingdom on high; feeble, strengthen them by Thy supreme power; abased, bestow upon them Thy glory in Thine all-highest realm; poor, enrich them in Thy great dominion. Do Thou then ordain for them all the good Thou hast destined in Thy worlds, visible and invisible, prosper them in this world below, gladden their hearts with Thine inspiration, O Lord of all beings! Illumine their hearts with Thy joyful tidings diffused from Thine all-glorious Station, make firm their steps in Thy Most-Great Covenant and strengthen their loins in Thy firm Testament, by Thy bounty and promised grace, O Gracious and Merciful One! Thou art, verily, the Gracious, the All-Bountiful.

  [49] AB00949WIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  Graciously bestow a pair of heavenly wings unto each of these fledglings, and give them spiritual power that they may wing their flight through this limitless space and may soar to the heights of the Abhá Kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful; Thou art the Bestower and the All-Loving.

  [50] AB00073SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! We are servants of Thy Threshold, taking shelter at Thy holy Door. We seek no refuge save only this strong pillar, turn nowhere for a haven but unto Thy safekeeping. Protect us, bless us, support us, make us such that we shall love but Thy good pleasure, utter only Thy praise, follow only the pathway of truth, that we may become rich enough to dispense with all save Thee, and receive our gifts from the sea of Thy beneficence, that we may ever strive to exalt Thy Cause and to spread Thy sweet savors far and wide, that we may become oblivious of self and occupied only with Thee, and disown all else and be caught up in Thee.
      Last:  O Thou Provider, O Thou Forgiver! Grant us Thy grace and loving-kindness, Thy gifts and Thy bestowals, and sustain us, that we may attain our goal. Thou art the Powerful, the Able, the Knower, the Seer; and, verily, Thou art the Generous, and, verily, Thou art the All-Merciful, and, verily, Thou art the Ever-Forgiving, He to Whom repentance is due, He Who forgiveth even the most grievous of sins.

  [51] BH00662FLO (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! I ask Thee, by Thy most glorious Name, to aid me in that which will cause the affairs of Thy servants to prosper, and Thy cities to flourish. Thou, indeed, hast power over all things!
      Last:  * Summons of the Lord of Hosts, p. 90.

  [52] ABU0188TUR (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! O my God! Verily, these servants are turning to Thee, supplicating Thy kingdom of mercy. Verily, they are attracted by Thy holiness and set aglow with the fire of Thy love, seeking confirmation from Thy wondrous kingdom, and hoping for attainment in Thy heavenly realm. Verily, they long for the descent of Thy bestowal, desiring illumination from the Sun of Reality. O Lord! Make them radiant lamps, merciful signs, fruitful trees and shining stars. May they come forth in Thy service and be connected with Thee by the bonds and ties of Thy love, longing for the lights of Thy favor. O Lord! Make them signs of guidance, standards of Thine immortal kingdom, waves of the sea of Thy mercy, mirrors of the light of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous. Verily, Thou art the Merciful. Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Beloved.

  [53] BB00004REN (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord, Thou Who hast brought into being all created things, through the power of Thy behest.
      Last:  Grant Thou, O Lord, that their hearts may, through allegiance to this, Thine inviolable Faith, grow stronger than anything else in the heavens and on earth and in whatsoever is between them; and strengthen, O Lord, their hands with the tokens of Thy wondrous power that they may manifest Thy power before the gaze of all mankind.

  [54] AB07124 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Who art generous and merciful! We are servants of Thy threshold and are gathered beneath the sheltering shadow of Thy divine unity. The sun of Thy mercy is shining upon all, and the clouds of Thy bounty shower upon all. Thy gifts encompass all, Thy loving providence sustains all, Thy protection overshadows all, and the glances of Thy favor are cast upon all. O Lord! Grant Thine infinite bestowals, and let the light of Thy guidance shine. Illumine the eyes, gladden the hearts with abiding joy. Confer a new spirit upon all people and bestow upon them eternal life. Unlock the gates of true understanding and let the light of faith shine resplendent. Gather all people beneath the shadow of Thy bounty and cause them to unite in harmony, so that they may become as the rays of one sun, as the waves of one ocean, and as the fruit of one tree. May they drink from the same fountain. May they be refreshed by the same breeze. May they receive illumination from the same source of light. Thou art the Giver, the Merciful, the Omnipotent.

  [55] BH07105 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee, by Thy Most Great Name through which Thou didst stir up Thy servants and build up Thy cities, and by Thy most excellent titles, and Thy most august attributes, to assist Thy people to turn in the direction of Thy manifold bounties, and set their faces towards the Tabernacle of Thy wisdom.  Heal Thou the sicknesses that have assailed the souls on every side, and have deterred them from directing their gaze towards the Paradise that lieth in the shelter of Thy shadowing Name, which Thou didst ordain to be the King of all names unto all who are in heaven and all who are on earth.  Potent art Thou to do as pleaseth Thee.  In Thy hands is the empire of all names.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Wise.
      Last:  Thou art truly the Lord of this life and of the next.  Thou art, in truth, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

  [56] AB04980HOP (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Thou art my Hope and my Beloved, my highest Aim and Desire!  With great humbleness and entire devotion I pray to Thee to make me a minaret of Thy love in Thy land, a lamp of Thy knowledge among Thy creatures, and a banner of divine bounty in Thy dominion.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the All-Powerful.

  [57] BB00147GRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Provide for the speedy growth of the Tree of Thy divine Unity; water it then, O Lord, with the flowing waters of Thy good-pleasure, and cause it, before the revelations of Thy divine assurance, to yield such fruits as Thou desirest for Thy glorification and exaltation, Thy praise and thanksgiving, and to magnify Thy Name, to laud the oneness of Thine Essence and to offer adoration unto Thee, inasmuch as all this lieth within Thy grasp and in that of none other.
      Last:  Great is the blessedness of those whose blood Thou hast chosen wherewith to water the Tree of Thine affirmation, and thus to exalt Thy holy and immutable Word.

  [58] BB00018ANG (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  There is no one but Thee to allay the anguish of my soul, and Thou art my highest aspiration, O my God.  My heart is wedded to none save Thee and such as Thou dost love.  I solemnly declare that my life and death are both for Thee.  Verily Thou art incomparable and hast no partner.
      Last:  O my God!  I beseech Thee by the evidences of Thy favor, to let me draw nigh to the sublime heights of Thy holy presence, and protect me from inclining myself toward the subtle allusions of aught else but Thee.  Guide my steps, O my God, unto that which is acceptable and pleasing to Thee.  Shield me, through Thy might, from the fury of Thy wrath and chastisement, and hold me back from entering habitations not desired by Thee.

  [59] BH10231 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how the wrongs committed by such of Thy creatures as have turned their backs to Thee have come in between Him in Whom Thy Godhead is manifest and Thy servants.  Send down upon them, O my Lord, what will cause them to be busied with each others' concerns.  Let, then, their violence be confined to their own selves, that the land and they that dwell therein may find peace.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [60] BH05543 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I give Thee thanks inasmuch as Thou hast called me into being in Thy days, and infused into me Thy love and Thy knowledge.  I beseech Thee, by Thy name whereby the goodly pearls of Thy wisdom and Thine utterance were brought forth out of the treasuries of the hearts of such of Thy servants as are nigh unto Thee, and through which the Daystar of Thy name, the Compassionate, hath shed its radiance upon all that are in Thy heaven and on Thy earth, to supply me, by Thy grace and bounty, with Thy wondrous and hidden bounties.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds.

  [61] AB03461MAR (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Bahá’í marriage is union and cordial affection between the two parties.  They must, however, exercise the utmost care and become acquainted with each other's character.  This eternal bond should be made secure by a firm covenant, and the intention should be to foster harmony, fellowship and unity and to attain everlasting life.” —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  “We will, all, verily, abide by the Will of God.”

  [62] BH09809 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how Thy loved ones have been encompassed by the rebellious amongst Thy creatures and the wicked amidst Thy people.  No land remaineth but the lamentation of Thy lovers and the wailing of Thy chosen ones were lifted up therein.  I beseech Thee by Thy Most Great Name to draw forth the hand of power from the bosom of Thy might and to assist therewith all them that love Thee.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Informed.

  [63] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

  [64] BH00009GRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I have risen this morning by Thy grace, O my God, and left my home trusting wholly in Thee, and committing myself to Thy care.  Send down, then, upon me, out of the heaven of Thy mercy, a blessing from Thy side, and enable me to return home in safety even as Thou didst enable me to set out under Thy protection with my thoughts fixed steadfastly upon Thee.
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Incomparable, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [65] AB07155WOM (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: My Lord! My Lord! I praise Thee and I thank Thee for that whereby Thou hast favored Thine humble maidservant, Thy slave beseeching and supplicating Thee, because Thou hast verily guided her unto Thine obvious Kingdom and caused her to hear thine exalted Call in the contingent world and to behold thy Signs which prove the appearance of Thy victorious reign over all things.
      Last:  O my Lord, I dedicate that which is in my womb unto Thee. Then cause it to be a praiseworthy child in Thy Kingdom and a fortunate one by Thy favor and Thy generosity; to develop and to grow up under the charge of Thine education. Verily, Thou art the Gracious! Verily, Thou art the Lord of Great Favor!

  [66] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

  [67] BH08824 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified, O Lord my God, be Thy Name, whereby the trees of the garden of Thy Revelation have been clad with verdure, and been made to yield the fruits of holiness during this Springtime when the sweet savors of Thy favors and blessings have been wafted over all things, and caused them to bring forth whatsoever had been preordained for them in the Kingdom of Thine irrevocable decree and the Heaven of Thine immutable purpose. I beseech Thee by this very Name not to suffer me to be far from the court of Thy holiness, nor debarred from the exalted sanctuary of Thy unity and oneness.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XCVI

  [68] AB00156LOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest me, O my God, bowed down in lowliness, humbling myself before Thy commandments, submitting to Thy sovereignty, trembling at the might of Thy dominion, fleeing from Thy wrath, entreating Thy grace, relying upon Thy forgiveness, shaking with awe at Thy fury.  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart, with streaming tears and a yearning soul, and in complete detachment from all things, to make Thy lovers as rays of light across Thy realms, and to aid Thy chosen servants to exalt Thy Word, that their faces may turn beauteous and bright with splendor, that their hearts may be filled with mysteries, and that every soul may lay down its burden of sin.  Guard them then from the aggressor, from him who hath become a shameless and blasphemous doer of wrong.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art He of abounding grace.  There is none other God save Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Ever-Bestowing.

  [69] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [70] BH00593 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God our Lord!  Protect us through Thy grace from whatsoever may be repugnant unto Thee, and vouchsafe unto us that which well beseemeth Thee.  Give us more out of Thy bounty, and bless us.  Pardon us for the things we have done, and wash away our sins, and forgive us with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Most Exalted, the Self-Subsisting.
      Last:  Thou art the Sovereign Ruler, the Mighty Doer, the Exalted, the All-Loving.

  [71] BH09404 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified art Thou, O Lord of the entire creation, the One unto Whom all things must turn.  With my inner and outer tongues I bear witness that thou hast manifested and revealed Thyself, sent down Thy signs, and proclaimed Thy testimonies.  I testify to Thy self-sufficiency from aught else except Thee, and Thy sanctity above all earthly things.  I entreat Thee by the transcendent glory of Thy Cause and the supreme potency of Thy Word to grant confirmation unto him who desireth to offer what Thou hast prescribed unto him in Thy Book and to observe that which will shed forth the fragrance of Thine acceptance.  Verily Thou art the All-Mighty, the All-Gracious, the All-Forgiving, the All-Generous.

  [72] BH02848 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God and my Master!  I am Thy servant and the son of Thy servant. I have risen from my couch at this dawntide when the Daystar of Thy oneness hath shone forth from the Dayspring of Thy will, and hath shed its radiance upon the whole world, according to what had been ordained in the Books of Thy Decree.
      Last:  Thou art, truly, the Lord and King of all men, and art potent over all things.

  [73] BH03629GRI (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Dispel my grief by Thy bounty and Thy generosity, O God, my God, and banish mine anguish through Thy sovereignty and Thy might.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face set towards Thee at a time when sorrows have compassed me on every side.  I implore Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all being, and overshadowest all things visible and invisible, by Thy Name whereby Thou hast subdued the hearts and the souls of men, and by the billows of the Ocean of Thy mercy and the splendors of the Daystar of Thy bounty, to number me with them whom nothing whatsoever hath deterred from setting their faces toward Thee, O Thou Lord of all names and Maker of the heavens!
      Last:  And, finally, I beg of Thee by the light of Thy countenance to bless my affairs, and redeem my debts, and satisfy my needs.  Thou art He to Whose power and to Whose dominion every tongue hath testified, and Whose majesty and Whose sovereignty every understanding heart hath acknowledged.  No God is there but Thee, Who hearest and art ready to answer.

  [74] BH07683 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O King of eternity, and the Maker of nations, and the Fashioner of every moldering bone!  I pray Thee, by Thy Name through which Thou didst call all mankind unto the horizon of Thy majesty and glory, and didst guide Thy servants to the court of Thy grace and favors, to number me with such as have rid themselves from everything except Thyself, and have set themselves towards Thee, and have not been kept back by such misfortunes as were decreed by Thee, from turning in the direction of Thy gifts.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

  [75] BH00634 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be unto Thee, O Lord.  Forgive us our sins, have mercy upon us and enable us to return unto Thee.  Suffer us not to rely on aught else besides Thee, and vouchsafe unto us, through Thy bounty, that which Thou lovest and desirest and well beseemeth Thee.  Exalt the station of them that have truly believed, and forgive them with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [76] BH09289 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me, O my God, to draw nigh unto Thee, and to abide within the precincts of Thy court, for remoteness from Thee hath well-nigh consumed me.  Cause me to rest under the shadow of the wings of Thy grace, for the flame of my separation from Thee hath melted my heart within me.  Draw me nearer unto the river that is life indeed, for my soul burneth with thirst in its ceaseless search after Thee.  My sighs, O my God, proclaim the bitterness of mine anguish, and the tears I shed attest my love for Thee.
      Last:  Glorified be Thy name, O Thou Who art the King of all Kings!

  [77] AB00553 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Fill up for me the cup of detachment from all things, and in the assembly of Thy splendors and bestowals, rejoice me with the wine of loving Thee.  Free me from the assaults of passion and desire, break off from me the shackles of this nether world, draw me with rapture unto Thy supernal realm, and refresh me amongst the handmaids with the breathing of Thy holiness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Powerful, the Ever-Giving, the Able, the Omnipotent.

  [78] AB00189AID (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Aid Thou Thy trusted servants to have loving and tender hearts.  Help them to spread, amongst all the nations of the earth, the light of guidance that cometh from the Company on high. Verily, Thou art the Strong, the Powerful, the Mighty, the All-Subduing, the Ever-Giving.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Gentle, the Tender, the Most Bountiful.

  [79] BH07721 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou didst lift up the ensigns of Thy guidance, and didst shed the radiance of Thy loving-kindness, and didst reveal the sovereignty of Thy Lordship; through which the lamp of Thy names hath appeared within the niche of Thine attributes, and He Who is the Tabernacle of Thy unity and the Manifestation of detachment hath shone forth; through which the ways of Thy guidance were made known, and the paths of Thy good pleasure were marked out; through which the foundations of error have been made to tremble, and the signs of wickedness have been abolished; through which the fountains of wisdom have burst forth, and the heavenly table hath been sent down; through which Thou didst preserve Thy servants and didst vouchsafe Thy healing; through which Thou didst show forth Thy tender mercies unto Thy servants and revealedst Thy forgiveness amidst Thy creatures—I implore Thee to keep safe him who hath held fast and returned unto Thee, and clung to Thy mercy, and seized the hem of Thy loving providence.  Send down, then, upon him Thy healing, and make him whole, and endue him with a constancy vouchsafed by Thee, and a tranquillity bestowed by Thy highness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Healer, the Preserver, the Helper, the Almighty, the Powerful, the All-Glorious, the All-Knowing.

  [80] AB10685 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou most glorious Lord!  Make this little maidservant of Thine blessed and happy; cause her to be cherished at the threshold of Thy oneness, and let her drink deep from the cup of Thy love so that she may be filled with rapture and ecstasy and diffuse sweet-scented fragrance.  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

  [81] AB00963IMP (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart and streaming tears to aid whosoever expendeth his energy for the erection of this House, and the construction of this Building wherein Thy name is mentioned every morn and every eve.
      Last:  O God!  Send down Thy divine increase on whosoever endeavoreth to serve this edifice and exerteth himself to raise it amongst the kindreds and religions of the world.  Confirm him in every good deed in promoting the welfare of mankind.  Open Thou the doors of wealth and abundance unto him and make him an heir to the treasures of the Kingdom, which perish not.  Make him a sign of Thy bestowals among the peoples and reinforce him by the sea of Thy generosity and bounty, surging with waves of Thy grace and favor.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful and the Bountiful.

  [82] AB00065STE (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord and my Hope!  Help Thou Thy loved ones to be steadfast in Thy mighty Covenant, to remain faithful to Thy manifest Cause, and to carry out the commandments Thou didst set down for them in Thy Book of Splendors; that they may become banners of guidance and lamps of the Company above, wellsprings of Thine infinite wisdom, and stars that lead aright, as they shine down from the supernal sky.
      Last:  Verily, art Thou the Invincible, the Almighty, the All-Powerful.

  [83] BH09085 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The Prayer for the Dead is the only Bahá’í obligatory prayer that is to be recited in congregation; it is to be recited by one believer while all present stand in silence.  Bahá’u’lláh has clarified that this prayer is required only when the deceased is over the age of fifteen, that its recital must precede interment, and that there is no requirement to face the Qiblih during its recitation.  “Alláh-u-Abhá” is said once; then the first of the six verses is recited nineteen times.  Then “Alláh-u-Abhá” is said again, followed by the second verse, which is recited nineteen times, and so on.
      Last:  *(If the dead be a woman, let him say: This is Thy handmaiden and the daughter of Thy handmaiden, etc...)

  [84] AB02596 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord!  O my Lord!  These two bright orbs are wedded in Thy love, conjoined in servitude to Thy Holy Threshold, united in ministering to thy Cause.  Make Thou this marriage to be as threading lights of Thine abounding grace, O my Lord, the All-Merciful, and luminous rays of Thy bestowals, O Thou the Beneficent, the Ever-Giving, that there may branch out from this great tree boughs that will grow green and flourishing through the gifts that rain down from Thy clouds of grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous.  Verily, Thou art the Compassionate, the All-Merciful.

  [85] BH05894 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I know not, O my God, what the Fire is which Thou didst kindle in Thy land.  Earth can never cloud its splendor, nor water quench its flame. All the peoples of the world are powerless to resist its force.  Great is the blessedness of him that hath drawn nigh unto it, and heard its roaring.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou art, verily, the All-Powerful, the Most Generous.

  [86] BH00238 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Light and glory, greeting and praise be upon the Hands of His Cause, through whom the light of fortitude hath shone forth and the truth hath been established that the authority to choose rests with God, the Powerful, the Mighty, the Unconstrained, through whom the ocean of bounty hath surged and the fragrance of the gracious favors of God, the Lord of mankind, hath been diffused.  We beseech Him—exalted is He—to shield them through the power of His hosts, to protect them through the potency of His dominion, and to aid them through His indomitable strength which prevaileth over all created things.  Sovereignty is God's, the Creator of the heavens and the Lord of the Kingdom of Names.
      Last:  * Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh, Lawh-i-Dunyá (Tablet of the World)

  [87] BB00543VIC (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Render victorious Thy forbearing servants in Thy days by granting them a befitting victory, inasmuch as they have sought martyrdom in Thy path.  Send down upon them that which will bring comfort to their minds, will rejoice their inner beings, will impart assurance to their hearts and tranquillity to their bodies and will enable their souls to ascend to the presence of God, the Most Exalted, and to attain the supreme Paradise and such retreats of glory as Thou hast destined for men of true knowledge and virtue.  Verily, Thou knowest all things, while we are but Thy servants, Thy thralls, Thy bondsmen and Thy poor ones.  No Lord but Thee do we invoke, O God our Lord, nor do we implore blessings or grace from anyone but Thee, O Thou Who art the God of mercy unto this world and the next.  We are but the embodiments of poverty, of nothingness, of helplessness and of perdition, while Thy whole Being betokeneth wealth, independence, glory, majesty and boundless grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art our Lord and the Lord of all things.  Into Thy hands do we surrender ourselves, yearning for the things that pertain unto Thee.

  [88] BH10688 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  I have set out from my home, holding fast unto the cord of Thy love, and I have committed myself wholly to Thy care and Thy protection.  I entreat Thee by Thy power through which Thou didst protect Thy loved ones from the wayward and the perverse, and from every contumacious oppressor, and every wicked doer who hath strayed far from Thee, to keep me safe by Thy bounty and Thy grace.  Enable me, then, to return to my home by Thy power and Thy might.  Thou art, truly, the Almighty, the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [89] BB00100EXI (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O God! Thou art the God Who hath existed before all things, Who will exist after all things and will last beyond all things. Thou art the God Who knoweth all things, and is supreme over all things. Thou art the God Who dealeth mercifully with all things, Who judgeth between all things and Whose vision embraceth all things. Thou art God my Lord, Thou art aware of my position, Thou dost witness my inner and outer being.
      Last:  Grant Thy forgiveness unto me and unto the believers who responded to Thy Call. Be Thou my sufficing helper against the mischief of whosoever may desire to inflict sorrow upon me or wish me ill. Verily, Thou art the Lord of all created things. Thou dost suffice everyone, while no one can be self-sufficient without Thee.

  [90] BH00154FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The Kitáb-i-Aqdas states: “We have commanded you to pray and fast from the beginning of maturity [15 years]; this is ordained by God, your Lord and the Lord of your forefathers...  The traveler, the ailing, those who are with child or giving suck, are not bound by the fast... Abstain from food and drink from sunrise to sundown, and beware lest desire deprive you of this grace that is appointed in the Book.”
      Last:  Assist them, O my God, to render Thee victorious and to exalt Thy Word.  Suffer them, then, to become as hands of Thy Cause amongst Thy servants, and make them to be revealers of Thy religion and Thy signs amongst mankind, in such wise that the whole world may be filled with Thy remembrance and praise and with Thy proofs and evidences.  Thou art, verily, the All-Bounteous, the Most Exalted, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Merciful.

  [91] BH00009SHE (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I have wakened in Thy shelter, O my God, and it becometh him that seeketh that shelter to abide within the Sanctuary of Thy protection and the Stronghold of Thy defense.  Illumine my inner being, O my Lord, with the splendors of the Dayspring of Thy Revelation, even as thou didst illumine my outer being with the morning light of Thy favor.

  [92] BH07180 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I yield Thee thanks for having enabled me to recognize the Manifestation of Thyself, and for having severed me from Thine enemies, and laid bare before mine eyes their misdeeds and wicked works in Thy days, and for having rid me of all attachment to them, and caused me to turn wholly towards Thy grace and bountiful favors.  I give Thee thanks, also, for having sent down upon me from the clouds of Thy will that which hath so sanctified me from the hints of the infidels and the allusions of the misbelievers that I have fixed my heart firmly on Thee, and fled from such as have denied the light of Thy countenance.  Again I thank Thee for having empowered me to be steadfast in Thy love, and to speak forth Thy praise and to extol Thy virtues, and for having given me to drink of the cup of Thy mercy that hath surpassed all things visible and invisible.
      Last:  Thou art the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the All-Loving.

  [93] BH09498 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God and the God of all Names, and the Maker of the heavens!  I entreat Thee by Thy Name through which He Who is the Dayspring of Thy might and the Dawning-Place of Thy power hath been manifested, through which every solid thing hath been made to flow, and every dead corpse hath been quickened, and every moving spirit confirmed—I entreat Thee to enable me to rid myself of all attachment to any one but Thee, and to serve Thy Cause, and to wish what Thou didst wish through the power of Thy sovereignty, and to perform what is the good pleasure of Thy will.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, moreover, O my God, to ordain for me what will make me rich enough to dispense with any one save Thee.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face turned towards Thee, and my hands clinging to the cord of Thy grace.  Send down upon me Thy mercy, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Bountiful.

  [94] BB00002MEN (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O God.  How can I make mention of Thee while Thou art sanctified from the praise of all mankind.  Magnified be Thy Name, O God, Thou art the King, the Eternal Truth; Thou knowest what is in the heavens and on the earth, and unto Thee must all return.  Thou hast sent down Thy divinely ordained Revelation according to a clear measure.  Praised art Thou, O Lord!  At Thy behest Thou dost render victorious whomsoever Thou willest, through the hosts of heaven and earth and whatsoever existeth between them.  Thou art the Sovereign, the Eternal Truth, the Lord of invincible might.
      Last:  Glorified art Thou, O Lord!  Thou forgivest at all times the sins of such among Thy servants as implore Thy pardon.  Wash away my sins and the sins of those who seek Thy forgiveness at dawn, who pray to Thee in the daytime and in the night season, who yearn after naught save God, who offer up whatsoever God hath graciously bestowed upon them, who celebrate Thy praise at morn and eventide, and who are not remiss in their duties.

  [95] BH00308DES (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord of the world and Desire of the nations, O Thou Who hast become manifest in the Greatest Name, whereby the pearls of wisdom and utterance have appeared from the shells of the great sea of Thy knowledge, and the heavens of divine revelation have been adorned with the light of the appearance of the sun of Thy countenance.
      Last:  I beg of Thee, O Thou King of existence and Protector of the seen and the unseen, to make whosoever arises to serve Thy Cause as a sea moving by Thy desire, as one ablaze with the fire of Thy Sacred Tree, shining from the horizon of the heaven of Thy will.  Verily, Thou art the mighty One, Whom neither the power of all the world nor the strength of nations can weaken.  There is no God but Thee, the One, the Incomparable, the Protector, the Self-Subsistent.

  [96] AB09040 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord!
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Seer, the Hearer.

  [97] BH06026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Gracious, the All-Bountiful!
      Last:  Lord!  Turn me not away from the ocean of Thy wealth and the heaven of Thy mercy, and ordain for me the good of this world and hereafter. Verily, Thou art the Lord of the mercy-seat, enthroned in the highest; there is none other God but Thee, the One, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [98] AB00094WEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let whosoever travels to different parts to teach, peruse over mountain, desert, land and sea this supplication.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Most Merciful of the merciful.

  [99] BH11278RIV (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Make manifest the rivers of Thy sovereign might, that the waters of Thy Unity may flow through the inmost realities of all things, in such wise that the banner of Thine unfailing guidance may be raised aloft in the kingdom of Thy command and the stars of Thy divine splendor may shine brightly in the heaven of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou, verily, art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [100] AB02825 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise and glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  This is a choice sapling which Thou hast planted in the meads of Thy love and hast nurtured with the fingers of Thy Lordship.  Thou hast watered it from the well-spring of everlasting life which streameth forth from the gardens of Thy oneness and Thou hast caused the clouds of Thy tender mercy to shower Thy favors upon it.  It hath now grown and developed beneath the shelter of Thy blessings which are manifest from the Dayspring of Thy divine essence.  It hath burst forth into leaves and blossoms, is laden with fruit through the providence of Thy wondrous gifts and bounties and is stirred by the fragrant breeze wafting from the direction of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the All-Powerful, the All-Glorious, the Omnipotent.

  [101] BH06296 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: From the sweet-scented streams of Thine eternity give me to drink, O my God, and of the fruits of the tree of Thy being enable me to taste, O my Hope!  From the crystal springs of Thy love suffer me to quaff, O my Glory, and beneath the shadow of Thine everlasting providence let me abide, O my Light!  Within the meadows of Thy nearness, before Thy presence, make me able to roam, O my Beloved, and at the right hand of the throne of Thy mercy, seat me, O my Desire!  From the fragrant breezes of Thy joy let a breath pass over me, O my Goal, and into the heights of the paradise of Thy reality let me gain admission, O my Adored One!  To the melodies of the dove of Thy oneness suffer me to hearken, O Resplendent One, and through the spirit of Thy power and Thy might quicken me, O my Provider!  In the spirit of Thy love keep me steadfast, O my Succorer, and in the path of Thy good pleasure set firm my steps, O my Maker!  Within the garden of Thine immortality, before Thy countenance, let me abide for ever, O Thou Who art merciful unto me, and upon the seat of Thy glory stablish me, O Thou Who art my Possessor!  To the heaven of Thy loving-kindness lift me up, O my Quickener, and unto the Daystar of Thy guidance lead me, O Thou my Attractor!  Before the revelations of Thine invisible spirit summon me to be present, O Thou Who art my Origin and my Highest Wish, and unto the essence of the fragrance of Thy beauty, which Thou wilt manifest, cause me to return, O Thou Who art my God!
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou art, verily, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the All-Highest.

  [102] AB10492 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind lord!
      Last:  Thou art the Bestower, the All-Loving.

  [103] AB00314HOR (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  From the horizon of detachment Thou hast manifested souls that, even as the shining moon, shed radiance upon the realm of heart and soul, rid themselves from the attributes of the world of existence and hastened forth unto the kingdom of immortality.  With a drop from the ocean of Thy loving-kindness Thou didst oft-times moisten the gardens of their hearts until they gained incomparable freshness and beauty.  The holy fragrance of Thy divine unity was diffused far and wide, shedding its sweet savors over the entire world, causing the regions of the earth to be redolent with perfume.
      Last:  O Thou kind Lord!  Grant that this youth may attain unto that which is the highest aspiration of the holy ones.  Endow him with the wings of Thy strengthening grace—wings of detachment and divine aid—that he may soar thereby into the atmosphere of Thy tender mercy, be able to partake of Thy celestial bestowals, may become a sign of divine guidance and a standard of the Concourse on high.  Thou art the Potent, the Powerful, the Seeing, the Hearing.

  [104] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

  [105] AB00787SPL (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, O Thou Who hast cast Thy splendor over the luminous realities of men, shedding upon them the resplendent lights of knowledge and guidance, and hast chosen them out of all created things for this supernal grace, and hast caused them to encompass all things, to understand their inmost essence, and to disclose their mysteries, bringing them forth out of darkness into the visible world! “He verily showeth His special mercy to whomsoever He will.”¹
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 55:19-22.

  [106] ABU0095KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou forgiving God! These servants are turning to Thy kingdom and seeking Thy grace and bounty. O God! Make their hearts good and pure in order that they may become worthy of Thy love. Purify and sanctify the spirits that the light of the Sun of Reality may shine upon them. Purify and sanctify the eyes that they may perceive Thy light. Purify and sanctify the ears in order that they may hear the call of Thy kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Powerful the Omnipotent, the Merciful, and Thou art the Generous, the Beneficent, the Lord of grace abounding.

  [107] BB00554 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord, my Best Beloved!  Make me steadfast in Thy Cause, and grant that I may be reckoned among those who have not violated Thy Covenant nor followed the gods of their own idle fancy.
      Last:  Grant, O my God, that I may not be reckoned among those whose ears are deaf, whose eyes are blind, whose tongues are speechless and whose hearts have failed to comprehend.  Deliver me, O Lord, from the fire of ignorance and of selfish desire, suffer me to be admitted into the precincts of Thy transcendent mercy and send down upon me that which Thou hast ordained for Thy chosen ones.  Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [108] BH09874 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! Every man of insight confesseth Thy sovereignty and Thy dominion, and every discerning eye perceiveth the greatness of Thy majesty and the compelling power of Thy might. The winds of tests are powerless to hold back them that enjoy near access to Thee from setting their faces towards the horizon of Thy glory, and the tempests of trials must fail to draw away and hinder such as are wholly devoted to Thy will from approaching Thy court.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my God, by them and by the sighs which their hearts utter in their separation from Thee, to keep them safe from the mischief of Thine adversaries, and to nourish their souls with what Thou hast ordained for Thy loved ones on whom shall come no fear and who shall not be put to grief.

  [109] AB05652WIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 56:62.

  [110] BH03181 (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Bestower, the Bounteous!
      Last:  And when He desired to manifest grace and beneficence to men, and to set the world in order, He revealed observances and created laws; among them He established the law of marriage, made it as a fortress for well-being and salvation, and enjoined it upon us in that which was sent down out of the heaven of sanctity in His Most Holy Book.  He saith, great is His glory: “Enter into wedlock, O people, that ye may bring forth one who will make mention of me amid My servants.  This is My bidding unto you; hold fast to it as an assistance to yourselves.”

  [111] AB00687SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou, my God, Who guidest the seeker to the pathway that leadeth aright, Who deliverest the lost and blinded soul out of the wastes of perdition, Thou Who bestowest upon the sincere great bounties and favors, Who guardest the frightened within Thine impregnable refuge, Who answerest, from Thine all-highest horizon, the cry of those who cry out unto Thee.  Praised be Thou, O my Lord!  Thou hast guided the distracted out of the death of unbelief, and hast brought those who draw nigh unto Thee to the journey's goal, and hast rejoiced the assured among Thy servants by granting them their most cherished desires, and hast, from Thy Kingdom of beauty, opened before the faces of those who yearn after Thee the gates of reunion, and hast rescued them from the fires of deprivation and loss—so that they hastened unto Thee and gained Thy presence, and arrived at Thy welcoming door, and received of gifts an abundant share.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Ever-Giving, the Precious, the Most Bountiful.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Exalted, the Victorious.

  [112] AB00774SAB (Confidence: %!d(float64=36)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Come ye together in gladness unalloyed, and at the beginning of the meeting, recite ye this prayer:
      Last:  O Thou our Provider!  Send down Thine aid, that each one gathered here may become a lighted candle, each one a center of attraction, each one a summoner to Thy heavenly realms, till at last we make this nether world the mirror image of Thy Paradise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[991] Prayer UUID: 07cf2c0b-36cb-4b2c-953e-989868d9dcc8

FULL TEXT (vi):
## Pˆmaika'i i ke Kahua

* Blessed is the Spot
Pˆmaika'i i ke kahua,
a me ka hale,
a me ka wahi,
a me ke k¸lanakauhale,
a me ka na'au,
a me ke kuahiwi,
a me ka pu'uhonua,
a me ke ana,
a me ke awawa, a me ka ˇaina,
a me ke kai,
a me ka moku,
a me ke kula mau'u.
na wahi i ˇolelo ˇia ai ka inoa o ke Akua,
a ho'omaika'i ˇia Kona nani.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BHU0004SUF (Confidence: %!d(float64=27)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God is sufficient unto me; He verily is the All-sufficing! In Him let the trusting trust.

  [2] AB11605 (Confidence: %!d(float64=27)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!  O God, my God!  Bestow upon me a pure heart, like unto a pearl.

  [3] BB00015SUF (Confidence: %!d(float64=27)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Say: God sufficeth all things above all things, and nothing in the heavens or in the earth but God sufficeth.  Verily, He is in Himself the Knower, the Sustainer, the Omnipotent.

  [4] BB00018ADJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=27)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I adjure Thee by Thy might, O my God!  Let no harm beset me in times of tests, and in moments of heedlessness guide my steps aright through Thine inspiration.  Thou art God, potent art Thou to do what Thou desirest. No one can withstand Thy Will or thwart Thy Purpose.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[992] Prayer UUID: 162e1e31-124b-48c1-a09e-ca599fc595aa

FULL TEXT (vi):
Vinh quang thuộc về Ngài, lạy Ngài là Đấng Thượng Đế của con! Con cầu xin Tối Đại Danh mà Ngài đã làm sinh động các tôi tớ Ngài và tạo dựng các thành phố, con cầu xin các Tôn hiệu ưu việt và các Đặc tính tối cao của Ngài, giúp con dân Ngài hướng về vô số ân huệ của Ngài và quay về Thánh điện Minh triết của Ngài. Xin chữa lành những căn bệnh, từ mọi phía, đã tấn công các linh hồn và ngăn trở họ hướng tầm mắt về cõi Thiên đàng dưới bóng Thánh Danh phò trợ của Ngài, mà theo phán lệnh Ngài, Danh ấy là Vua các Danh đối với tất cả cư dân cõi trời và cõi đất. Ngài có quyền năng làm điều Ngài muốn. Quyền lực của tất cả các Danh nằm trong tay Ngài. Không có Thượng Đế nào khác ngoài Ngài, Đấng Toàn năng, Đấng Toàn trí.
Lạy Thượng Đế của con, con chỉ là sinh vật nghèo nàn và sống nhờ vào sản nghiệp của Ngài. Con rất đớn đau và bám chặt vào dây chữa bệnh của Ngài. Xin cứu con khỏi mọi căn bệnh đang vây phủ con, xin thanh lọc con hoàn toàn bằng nước ân phúc và bác ái của Ngài, xin mặc lại cho con y phục sức khoẻ do sự tha thứ  và lượng khoan dung của Ngài. Xin gắn chặt vào Ngài cái nhìn của con và xin giải thoát con khỏi mọi ràng buộc với ai khác ngoài Ngài. Xin giúp con hành động theo ý Ngài và hoàn tất điều Ngài muốn.
Quả thật, Ngài là Đấng Thượng Đế đời này và đời sau. Ngài thật sự là Đấng luôn luôn tha thứ, Đấng Đại Từ bi.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (41 options):

  [1] BB00617 (Confidence: %!d(float64=54)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I beg Thee to forgive me, O my Lord, for every mention but the mention of Thee, and for every praise but the praise of Thee, and for every delight but delight in Thy nearness, and for every pleasure but the pleasure of communion with Thee, and for every joy but the joy of Thy love and of Thy good-pleasure, and for all things pertaining unto me which bear no relationship unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of lords, He Who provideth the means and unlocketh the doors.

  [2] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=54)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [3] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=54)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [4] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=54)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [5] AB10703RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=54)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord! Make this youth radiant and confer Thy bounty upon this poor creature. Bestow upon him knowledge, grant him added strength at the break of every morn and guard him within the shelter of Thy protection so that he may be freed from error, may devote himself to the service of Thy Cause, may guide the wayward, lead the hapless, free the captives and awaken the heedless, that all may be blessed with Thy remembrance and praise. Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

  [6] BB00630 (Confidence: %!d(float64=54)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord!  Thou art the Remover of every anguish and the Dispeller of every affliction.  Thou art He Who banisheth every sorrow and setteth free every slave, the Redeemer of every soul.  O Lord!  Grant deliverance through Thy mercy, and reckon me among such servants of Thine as have gained salvation.

  [7] AB11281 (Confidence: %!d(float64=54)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord! This a lamp lighted by the fire of Thy love and ablaze with the flame which is ignited in the tree of Thy mercy. O my Lord! Increase his enkindlement, heat and flame, with the fire which is kindled in the Sinai of Thy Manifestation. Verily, Thou art the Confirmer, the Assister, the Powerful, the Generous, the Loving.

  [8] AB02326 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  O Lord, my God! Lowly are these servants of Thine, exalt them in Thy kingdom on high; feeble, strengthen them by Thy supreme power; abased, bestow upon them Thy glory in Thine all-highest realm; poor, enrich them in Thy great dominion. Do Thou then ordain for them all the good Thou hast destined in Thy worlds, visible and invisible, prosper them in this world below, gladden their hearts with Thine inspiration, O Lord of all beings! Illumine their hearts with Thy joyful tidings diffused from Thine all-glorious Station, make firm their steps in Thy Most-Great Covenant and strengthen their loins in Thy firm Testament, by Thy bounty and promised grace, O Gracious and Merciful One! Thou art, verily, the Gracious, the All-Bountiful.

  [9] AB00073SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! We are servants of Thy Threshold, taking shelter at Thy holy Door. We seek no refuge save only this strong pillar, turn nowhere for a haven but unto Thy safekeeping. Protect us, bless us, support us, make us such that we shall love but Thy good pleasure, utter only Thy praise, follow only the pathway of truth, that we may become rich enough to dispense with all save Thee, and receive our gifts from the sea of Thy beneficence, that we may ever strive to exalt Thy Cause and to spread Thy sweet savors far and wide, that we may become oblivious of self and occupied only with Thee, and disown all else and be caught up in Thee.
      Last:  O Thou Provider, O Thou Forgiver! Grant us Thy grace and loving-kindness, Thy gifts and Thy bestowals, and sustain us, that we may attain our goal. Thou art the Powerful, the Able, the Knower, the Seer; and, verily, Thou art the Generous, and, verily, Thou art the All-Merciful, and, verily, Thou art the Ever-Forgiving, He to Whom repentance is due, He Who forgiveth even the most grievous of sins.

  [10] BH00662FLO (Confidence: %!d(float64=54)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God! I ask Thee, by Thy most glorious Name, to aid me in that which will cause the affairs of Thy servants to prosper, and Thy cities to flourish. Thou, indeed, hast power over all things!
      Last:  * Summons of the Lord of Hosts, p. 90.

  [11] AB07124 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Who art generous and merciful! We are servants of Thy threshold and are gathered beneath the sheltering shadow of Thy divine unity. The sun of Thy mercy is shining upon all, and the clouds of Thy bounty shower upon all. Thy gifts encompass all, Thy loving providence sustains all, Thy protection overshadows all, and the glances of Thy favor are cast upon all. O Lord! Grant Thine infinite bestowals, and let the light of Thy guidance shine. Illumine the eyes, gladden the hearts with abiding joy. Confer a new spirit upon all people and bestow upon them eternal life. Unlock the gates of true understanding and let the light of faith shine resplendent. Gather all people beneath the shadow of Thy bounty and cause them to unite in harmony, so that they may become as the rays of one sun, as the waves of one ocean, and as the fruit of one tree. May they drink from the same fountain. May they be refreshed by the same breeze. May they receive illumination from the same source of light. Thou art the Giver, the Merciful, the Omnipotent.

  [12] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

  [13] BH00009GRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=54)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I have risen this morning by Thy grace, O my God, and left my home trusting wholly in Thee, and committing myself to Thy care.  Send down, then, upon me, out of the heaven of Thy mercy, a blessing from Thy side, and enable me to return home in safety even as Thou didst enable me to set out under Thy protection with my thoughts fixed steadfastly upon Thee.
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Incomparable, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [14] BH00634 (Confidence: %!d(float64=54)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be unto Thee, O Lord.  Forgive us our sins, have mercy upon us and enable us to return unto Thee.  Suffer us not to rely on aught else besides Thee, and vouchsafe unto us, through Thy bounty, that which Thou lovest and desirest and well beseemeth Thee.  Exalt the station of them that have truly believed, and forgive them with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [15] BH09085 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The Prayer for the Dead is the only Bahá’í obligatory prayer that is to be recited in congregation; it is to be recited by one believer while all present stand in silence.  Bahá’u’lláh has clarified that this prayer is required only when the deceased is over the age of fifteen, that its recital must precede interment, and that there is no requirement to face the Qiblih during its recitation.  “Alláh-u-Abhá” is said once; then the first of the six verses is recited nineteen times.  Then “Alláh-u-Abhá” is said again, followed by the second verse, which is recited nineteen times, and so on.
      Last:  *(If the dead be a woman, let him say: This is Thy handmaiden and the daughter of Thy handmaiden, etc...)

  [16] BH10688 (Confidence: %!d(float64=54)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  I have set out from my home, holding fast unto the cord of Thy love, and I have committed myself wholly to Thy care and Thy protection.  I entreat Thee by Thy power through which Thou didst protect Thy loved ones from the wayward and the perverse, and from every contumacious oppressor, and every wicked doer who hath strayed far from Thee, to keep me safe by Thy bounty and Thy grace.  Enable me, then, to return to my home by Thy power and Thy might.  Thou art, truly, the Almighty, the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [17] AB09040 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord!
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Seer, the Hearer.

  [18] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [19] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [20] BH05768 (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I venture to make mention of Thee, I am held back by my mighty sins and grievous trespasses against Thee, and find myself wholly deprived of Thy grace, and utterly powerless to celebrate Thy praise.  My great confidence in Thy bounty, however, reviveth my hope in Thee, and my certitude that Thou wilt bountifully deal with me emboldeneth me to extol Thee, and to ask of Thee the things Thou dost possess.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds!

  [21] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [22] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [23] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [24] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [25] ABU0070GAT (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These are Thy servants who have gathered in this meeting, have turned unto Thy kingdom and are in need of Thy bestowal and blessing. O Thou God! Manifest and make evident the signs of Thy oneness which have been deposited in all the realities of life. Reveal and unfold the virtues which Thou hast made latent and concealed in these human realities.
      Last:  Thou art mighty. Thou art powerful. Thou art the Giver, and Thou art the Ever-Bounteous.

  [26] BH08264 (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  Thou hearest Thine ardent lovers lamenting in their separation from Thee, and such as have recognized Thee wailing because of their remoteness from Thy presence.  Open Thou outwardly to their faces, O my Lord, the gates of Thy grace, that they may enter them by Thy leave and in conformity with Thy will, and may stand before the throne of Thy majesty, and catch the accents of Thy voice, and be illumined with the splendors of the light of Thy face.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [27] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [28] BH03109KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: He is God, exalted is He, the Lord of loving-kindness and bounty!
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Single, the Powerful, the Omniscient, the Bountiful.

  [29] ABU0188TUR (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O my God! O my God! Verily, these servants are turning to Thee, supplicating Thy kingdom of mercy. Verily, they are attracted by Thy holiness and set aglow with the fire of Thy love, seeking confirmation from Thy wondrous kingdom, and hoping for attainment in Thy heavenly realm. Verily, they long for the descent of Thy bestowal, desiring illumination from the Sun of Reality. O Lord! Make them radiant lamps, merciful signs, fruitful trees and shining stars. May they come forth in Thy service and be connected with Thee by the bonds and ties of Thy love, longing for the lights of Thy favor. O Lord! Make them signs of guidance, standards of Thine immortal kingdom, waves of the sea of Thy mercy, mirrors of the light of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous. Verily, Thou art the Merciful. Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Beloved.

  [30] BH07105 (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee, by Thy Most Great Name through which Thou didst stir up Thy servants and build up Thy cities, and by Thy most excellent titles, and Thy most august attributes, to assist Thy people to turn in the direction of Thy manifold bounties, and set their faces towards the Tabernacle of Thy wisdom.  Heal Thou the sicknesses that have assailed the souls on every side, and have deterred them from directing their gaze towards the Paradise that lieth in the shelter of Thy shadowing Name, which Thou didst ordain to be the King of all names unto all who are in heaven and all who are on earth.  Potent art Thou to do as pleaseth Thee.  In Thy hands is the empire of all names.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Wise.
      Last:  Thou art truly the Lord of this life and of the next.  Thou art, in truth, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

  [31] BB00018ANG (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O my God!  There is no one but Thee to allay the anguish of my soul, and Thou art my highest aspiration, O my God.  My heart is wedded to none save Thee and such as Thou dost love.  I solemnly declare that my life and death are both for Thee.  Verily Thou art incomparable and hast no partner.
      Last:  O my God!  I beseech Thee by the evidences of Thy favor, to let me draw nigh to the sublime heights of Thy holy presence, and protect me from inclining myself toward the subtle allusions of aught else but Thee.  Guide my steps, O my God, unto that which is acceptable and pleasing to Thee.  Shield me, through Thy might, from the fury of Thy wrath and chastisement, and hold me back from entering habitations not desired by Thee.

  [32] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

  [33] AB00156LOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Thou seest me, O my God, bowed down in lowliness, humbling myself before Thy commandments, submitting to Thy sovereignty, trembling at the might of Thy dominion, fleeing from Thy wrath, entreating Thy grace, relying upon Thy forgiveness, shaking with awe at Thy fury.  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart, with streaming tears and a yearning soul, and in complete detachment from all things, to make Thy lovers as rays of light across Thy realms, and to aid Thy chosen servants to exalt Thy Word, that their faces may turn beauteous and bright with splendor, that their hearts may be filled with mysteries, and that every soul may lay down its burden of sin.  Guard them then from the aggressor, from him who hath become a shameless and blasphemous doer of wrong.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art He of abounding grace.  There is none other God save Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Ever-Bestowing.

  [34] BH00593 (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O God our Lord!  Protect us through Thy grace from whatsoever may be repugnant unto Thee, and vouchsafe unto us that which well beseemeth Thee.  Give us more out of Thy bounty, and bless us.  Pardon us for the things we have done, and wash away our sins, and forgive us with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Most Exalted, the Self-Subsisting.
      Last:  Thou art the Sovereign Ruler, the Mighty Doer, the Exalted, the All-Loving.

  [35] BH05894 (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: I know not, O my God, what the Fire is which Thou didst kindle in Thy land.  Earth can never cloud its splendor, nor water quench its flame. All the peoples of the world are powerless to resist its force.  Great is the blessedness of him that hath drawn nigh unto it, and heard its roaring.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou art, verily, the All-Powerful, the Most Generous.

  [36] BB00543VIC (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O Lord!  Render victorious Thy forbearing servants in Thy days by granting them a befitting victory, inasmuch as they have sought martyrdom in Thy path.  Send down upon them that which will bring comfort to their minds, will rejoice their inner beings, will impart assurance to their hearts and tranquillity to their bodies and will enable their souls to ascend to the presence of God, the Most Exalted, and to attain the supreme Paradise and such retreats of glory as Thou hast destined for men of true knowledge and virtue.  Verily, Thou knowest all things, while we are but Thy servants, Thy thralls, Thy bondsmen and Thy poor ones.  No Lord but Thee do we invoke, O God our Lord, nor do we implore blessings or grace from anyone but Thee, O Thou Who art the God of mercy unto this world and the next.  We are but the embodiments of poverty, of nothingness, of helplessness and of perdition, while Thy whole Being betokeneth wealth, independence, glory, majesty and boundless grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art our Lord and the Lord of all things.  Into Thy hands do we surrender ourselves, yearning for the things that pertain unto Thee.

  [37] BB00100EXI (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O God! Thou art the God Who hath existed before all things, Who will exist after all things and will last beyond all things. Thou art the God Who knoweth all things, and is supreme over all things. Thou art the God Who dealeth mercifully with all things, Who judgeth between all things and Whose vision embraceth all things. Thou art God my Lord, Thou art aware of my position, Thou dost witness my inner and outer being.
      Last:  Grant Thy forgiveness unto me and unto the believers who responded to Thy Call. Be Thou my sufficing helper against the mischief of whosoever may desire to inflict sorrow upon me or wish me ill. Verily, Thou art the Lord of all created things. Thou dost suffice everyone, while no one can be self-sufficient without Thee.

  [38] BH09498 (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O God and the God of all Names, and the Maker of the heavens!  I entreat Thee by Thy Name through which He Who is the Dayspring of Thy might and the Dawning-Place of Thy power hath been manifested, through which every solid thing hath been made to flow, and every dead corpse hath been quickened, and every moving spirit confirmed—I entreat Thee to enable me to rid myself of all attachment to any one but Thee, and to serve Thy Cause, and to wish what Thou didst wish through the power of Thy sovereignty, and to perform what is the good pleasure of Thy will.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, moreover, O my God, to ordain for me what will make me rich enough to dispense with any one save Thee.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face turned towards Thee, and my hands clinging to the cord of Thy grace.  Send down upon me Thy mercy, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Bountiful.

  [39] BB00002MEN (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O God.  How can I make mention of Thee while Thou art sanctified from the praise of all mankind.  Magnified be Thy Name, O God, Thou art the King, the Eternal Truth; Thou knowest what is in the heavens and on the earth, and unto Thee must all return.  Thou hast sent down Thy divinely ordained Revelation according to a clear measure.  Praised art Thou, O Lord!  At Thy behest Thou dost render victorious whomsoever Thou willest, through the hosts of heaven and earth and whatsoever existeth between them.  Thou art the Sovereign, the Eternal Truth, the Lord of invincible might.
      Last:  Glorified art Thou, O Lord!  Thou forgivest at all times the sins of such among Thy servants as implore Thy pardon.  Wash away my sins and the sins of those who seek Thy forgiveness at dawn, who pray to Thee in the daytime and in the night season, who yearn after naught save God, who offer up whatsoever God hath graciously bestowed upon them, who celebrate Thy praise at morn and eventide, and who are not remiss in their duties.

  [40] ABU0095KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O Thou forgiving God! These servants are turning to Thy kingdom and seeking Thy grace and bounty. O God! Make their hearts good and pure in order that they may become worthy of Thy love. Purify and sanctify the spirits that the light of the Sun of Reality may shine upon them. Purify and sanctify the eyes that they may perceive Thy light. Purify and sanctify the ears in order that they may hear the call of Thy kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Powerful the Omnipotent, the Merciful, and Thou art the Generous, the Beneficent, the Lord of grace abounding.

  [41] BB00554 (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord, my Best Beloved!  Make me steadfast in Thy Cause, and grant that I may be reckoned among those who have not violated Thy Covenant nor followed the gods of their own idle fancy.
      Last:  Grant, O my God, that I may not be reckoned among those whose ears are deaf, whose eyes are blind, whose tongues are speechless and whose hearts have failed to comprehend.  Deliver me, O Lord, from the fire of ignorance and of selfish desire, suffer me to be admitted into the precincts of Thy transcendent mercy and send down upon me that which Thou hast ordained for Thy chosen ones.  Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[994] Prayer UUID: 17365484-bc68-4ac3-9938-b18aa75814cc

FULL TEXT (vi):
## He Pule o ka Ho'ola ˇana
* Healing Prayer

Kou inoa ku'u ho'ola, e ku'u Akua, a me ka ho'omana'o ˇana ia ˇOe ku'u la'au. I Kou alo ku'u mana'olana a me ke aloha Nou ku'u hoa like.  Kou aloha ia'u ku'u ho'ola a me ku'u maha i loko o ka honua a me ka honua o ka wa ma mua.

ˇO ˇOe ke Akua Ho'olako apau, ke Akua Ho'oia'i'o, ke Akua Ho'ona'auao apau.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB05167 (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Thou knowest, O God, and art my witness that I have no desire in my heart save to attain Thy good pleasure, to be confirmed in servitude unto Thee, to consecrate myself in Thy service, to labor in Thy great vineyard and to sacrifice all in Thy path.  Thou art the All-Knowing and the All-Seeing.  I have no wish save to turn my steps, in my love for Thee, towards the mountains and the deserts to loudly proclaim the advent of Thy Kingdom, and to raise Thy call amidst all men.  O God! Open Thou the way for this helpless one, grant Thou the remedy to this ailing one and bestow Thy healing upon this afflicted one.  With burning heart and tearful eyes I supplicate Thee at Thy Threshold.
      Last:  O God!  Protect me from tests.  Thou knowest full well that I have turned away from all things and freed myself of all thoughts.  I have no occupation save mention of Thee and no aspiration save serving Thee.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[995] Prayer UUID: 1ac01341-a060-4096-9a55-49533cec8d42

FULL TEXT (vi):
Tất cả những lời ca tụng xin dâng lên Ngài, lạy Ngài là Đấng Thượng Đế của con! Đấng Tối Đại Danh của Ngài đã bị giam cầm trong thành phố lao tù Akka, và lạy Thượng Đế của con, như Ngài đã thấy, Đấng ấy rơi vào tay kẻ thù và bị đe dọa bởi đao kiếm kẻ hung dữ, con van xin Ngài củng cố đức tin con trong Chánh Đạo của Đấng ấy và luôn luôn hướng tầm mắt về thánh điện của Ngài, để không gì có thể khiến con rời xa Ngài.
Lạy Thượng Đế của con, con xin làm chứng rằng Đấng ấy đã hy sinh cuộc đời trên đường Ngài, và vì lòng kính yêu Ngài, Đấng ấy chỉ ước ao tai họa đến với mình. Đấng ấy đã bền bĩ chịu đựng mọi sự sỉ nhục để có thể biểu hiện quyền tối thượng của Ngài trước các tôi tớ Ngài và nêu cao Thánh ngôn Ngài cho tất cả tạo vật của Ngài. Khi sự bất hạnh càng thêm nghiêm trọng và mối ưu phiền do Ngài ban xuống tấn công Đấng ấy khắp mọi phía, thì Đấng ấy càng tưởng nhớ đến Ngài một cách nhiệt thành đến nỗi khối quần chúng chối bỏ dấu hiệu Ngài và phủ nhận Chánh Đạo của Ngài không thể làm cho Đấng ấy sợ sệt.
Lạy Thượng Đế của con, do nơi Đấng ấy và tất cả những gì thuộc về Ngài, con cầu xin Ngài giúp con đặt trọn lòng yêu thương nơi Đấng ấy như Đấng ấy đã đặt trọn lòng yêu thương nơi Ngài. Con xin xác nhận rằng Tình yêu của Đấng ấy là Tình yêu của Ngài, Nhân cách Đấng ấy là Nhân cách Ngài, vẻ Mỹ lệ của Đấng ấy là vẻ Mỹ lệ của Ngài, Chánh Đạo của Đấng ấy là Chánh Đạo của Ngài.
Lạy Thượng Đế của con, xin đừng từ chối con điều gì Ngài có và đừng để con lãng quên ước vọng của Ngài trong những Ngày của Ngài.
Quả thực, Ngài là Đấng Hùng mạnh Nhất, Đấng Tối cao, Đấng Toàn vinh, Đấng Toàn trí.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (17 options):

  [1] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [2] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [3] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [4] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [5] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [6] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [7] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [8] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [9] BH09960 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  Thou art He Whom all things worship and Who worshipeth no one, Who is the Lord of all things and is the vassal of none, Who knoweth all things and is known of none. Thou didst wish to make Thyself known unto men; therefore, Thou didst, through a word of Thy mouth, bring creation into being and fashion the universe.  There is none other God except Thee, the Fashioner, the Creator, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.
      Last:  Thou art the God of power, of glory and bounty.  No God is there beside Thee, the Supreme Ruler, the All-Glorious, the Omniscient.

  [10] BB00374 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Vouchsafe unto me, O my God, the full measure of Thy love and Thy good-pleasure, and through the attractions of Thy resplendent light enrapture our hearts, O Thou Who art the Supreme Evidence and the All-Glorified.  Send down upon me, as a token of Thy grace, Thy vitalizing breezes, throughout the daytime and in the night season, O Lord of bounty.
      Last:  Indeed shouldst Thou desire to confer blessing upon a servant Thou wouldst blot out from the realm of his heart every mention or disposition except Thine Own mention; and shouldst Thou ordain evil for a servant by reason of that which his hands have unjustly wrought before Thy face, Thou wouldst test him with the benefits of this world and of the next that he might become preoccupied therewith and forget Thy remembrance.

  [11] BH08824 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified, O Lord my God, be Thy Name, whereby the trees of the garden of Thy Revelation have been clad with verdure, and been made to yield the fruits of holiness during this Springtime when the sweet savors of Thy favors and blessings have been wafted over all things, and caused them to bring forth whatsoever had been preordained for them in the Kingdom of Thine irrevocable decree and the Heaven of Thine immutable purpose. I beseech Thee by this very Name not to suffer me to be far from the court of Thy holiness, nor debarred from the exalted sanctuary of Thy unity and oneness.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XCVI

  [12] BH09404 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified art Thou, O Lord of the entire creation, the One unto Whom all things must turn.  With my inner and outer tongues I bear witness that thou hast manifested and revealed Thyself, sent down Thy signs, and proclaimed Thy testimonies.  I testify to Thy self-sufficiency from aught else except Thee, and Thy sanctity above all earthly things.  I entreat Thee by the transcendent glory of Thy Cause and the supreme potency of Thy Word to grant confirmation unto him who desireth to offer what Thou hast prescribed unto him in Thy Book and to observe that which will shed forth the fragrance of Thine acceptance.  Verily Thou art the All-Mighty, the All-Gracious, the All-Forgiving, the All-Generous.

  [13] BH07180 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I yield Thee thanks for having enabled me to recognize the Manifestation of Thyself, and for having severed me from Thine enemies, and laid bare before mine eyes their misdeeds and wicked works in Thy days, and for having rid me of all attachment to them, and caused me to turn wholly towards Thy grace and bountiful favors.  I give Thee thanks, also, for having sent down upon me from the clouds of Thy will that which hath so sanctified me from the hints of the infidels and the allusions of the misbelievers that I have fixed my heart firmly on Thee, and fled from such as have denied the light of Thy countenance.  Again I thank Thee for having empowered me to be steadfast in Thy love, and to speak forth Thy praise and to extol Thy virtues, and for having given me to drink of the cup of Thy mercy that hath surpassed all things visible and invisible.
      Last:  Thou art the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the All-Loving.

  [14] BH06026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Gracious, the All-Bountiful!
      Last:  Lord!  Turn me not away from the ocean of Thy wealth and the heaven of Thy mercy, and ordain for me the good of this world and hereafter. Verily, Thou art the Lord of the mercy-seat, enthroned in the highest; there is none other God but Thee, the One, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [15] BH06296 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: From the sweet-scented streams of Thine eternity give me to drink, O my God, and of the fruits of the tree of Thy being enable me to taste, O my Hope!  From the crystal springs of Thy love suffer me to quaff, O my Glory, and beneath the shadow of Thine everlasting providence let me abide, O my Light!  Within the meadows of Thy nearness, before Thy presence, make me able to roam, O my Beloved, and at the right hand of the throne of Thy mercy, seat me, O my Desire!  From the fragrant breezes of Thy joy let a breath pass over me, O my Goal, and into the heights of the paradise of Thy reality let me gain admission, O my Adored One!  To the melodies of the dove of Thy oneness suffer me to hearken, O Resplendent One, and through the spirit of Thy power and Thy might quicken me, O my Provider!  In the spirit of Thy love keep me steadfast, O my Succorer, and in the path of Thy good pleasure set firm my steps, O my Maker!  Within the garden of Thine immortality, before Thy countenance, let me abide for ever, O Thou Who art merciful unto me, and upon the seat of Thy glory stablish me, O Thou Who art my Possessor!  To the heaven of Thy loving-kindness lift me up, O my Quickener, and unto the Daystar of Thy guidance lead me, O Thou my Attractor!  Before the revelations of Thine invisible spirit summon me to be present, O Thou Who art my Origin and my Highest Wish, and unto the essence of the fragrance of Thy beauty, which Thou wilt manifest, cause me to return, O Thou Who art my God!
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou art, verily, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the All-Highest.

  [16] BH03181 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Bestower, the Bounteous!
      Last:  And when He desired to manifest grace and beneficence to men, and to set the world in order, He revealed observances and created laws; among them He established the law of marriage, made it as a fortress for well-being and salvation, and enjoined it upon us in that which was sent down out of the heaven of sanctity in His Most Holy Book.  He saith, great is His glory: “Enter into wedlock, O people, that ye may bring forth one who will make mention of me amid My servants.  This is My bidding unto you; hold fast to it as an assistance to yourselves.”

  [17] AB00687SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou, my God, Who guidest the seeker to the pathway that leadeth aright, Who deliverest the lost and blinded soul out of the wastes of perdition, Thou Who bestowest upon the sincere great bounties and favors, Who guardest the frightened within Thine impregnable refuge, Who answerest, from Thine all-highest horizon, the cry of those who cry out unto Thee.  Praised be Thou, O my Lord!  Thou hast guided the distracted out of the death of unbelief, and hast brought those who draw nigh unto Thee to the journey's goal, and hast rejoiced the assured among Thy servants by granting them their most cherished desires, and hast, from Thy Kingdom of beauty, opened before the faces of those who yearn after Thee the gates of reunion, and hast rescued them from the fires of deprivation and loss—so that they hastened unto Thee and gained Thy presence, and arrived at Thy welcoming door, and received of gifts an abundant share.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Ever-Giving, the Precious, the Most Bountiful.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Exalted, the Victorious.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[996] Prayer UUID: 1cadbc6d-37ef-4da9-9e59-874cb9ace54b

FULL TEXT (vi):
# Chữa Bệnh 
##(Bài kinh dài)

Ngài là Đấng Chữa bệnh, Đấng Chu cấp, Đấng Cứu giúp, Đấng Hằng Tha thứ, Đấng Đại Khoan dung.

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Cao cả, 
Lạy Đấng Thành tín, lạy Đấng Vinh quang! 
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Tối thượng,
Lạy Đấng Nâng đỡ, lạy Đấng Phán xét!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Vô song, 
Lạy Đấng Vĩnh hằng, lạy Đấng Đơn nhất!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Chí tôn,
Lạy Đấng Chí thánh, lạy Đấng Cứu giúp!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Toàn tri, 
Lạy Đấng Đại trí, lạy Đấng Đại hùng!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Bác ái, 
Lạy Đấng Uy nghi, lạy Đấng An bài!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Kính yêu, 
Lạy Đấng Thân thiết, lạy Đấng Phúc lạc!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Hùng mạnh Nhất,
Lạy Đấng Nuôi dưỡng, lạy Đấng Toàn năng!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Trị vì,
Lạy Đấng Tự tồn, lạy Đấng Toàn tri!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Thánh linh, 
Lạy Đấng Linh quang, lạy Đấng Hiển hiện Nhất!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Ngài là Đấng mà mọi người tìm đến, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hiển hiện đối với mọi người, lạy Ngài là Đấng Huyền nhiệm đối với mọi người!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Ẩn mình, 
Lạy Đấng Toàn thắng, lạy Đấng Ban cho!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Toàn năng,
Lạy Đấng Cứu giúp, lạy Đấng Che giấu!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Tạo dựng, 
Lạy Đấng Thỏa lời cầu xin, lạy Đấng Bứng rễ!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Đứng lên, 
Lạy Đấng Quy tụ, lạy Đấng Cao cả!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Hoàn thiện,
Lạy Đấng Vô ngại, lạy Đấng Đại lượng!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Ban phúc,
Lạy Đấng Nắm giữ, lạy Đấng Tạo nên!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Cao cả Nhất, 
Lạy Đấng Mỹ lệ, lạy Đấng Mỹ lệ!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Công bình, 
Lạy Đấng Từ huệ, lạy Đấng Đại lượng!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Lôi cuốn mạnh mẽ, 
Lạy Đấng Thường hằng, lạy Đấng Đại Trí huệ!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Huy hoàng, lạy Đấng Cố cựu của các Thời đại, lạy Đấng Trọng đại!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Phò trợ hoàn hảo,
Lạy Đấng Vua của Niềm vui, lạy Đấng Khát khao!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!
Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Ngài là Đấng Từ bi với mọi người, lạy Ngài là Đấng Yêu thương tất cả, lạy Đấng Đại Ân phúc!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Nương tựa của mọi người, lạy Đấng Bảo bọc tất cả, lạy Đấng Bảo tồn Hoàn hảo!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Cứu vớt mọi người, Lạy Ngài là Đấng mà mọi người cầu xin, lạy Đấng Làm sinh động!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Biểu lộ,
Lạy Đấng Tàn phá, lạy Đấng Bác ái Nhất!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Ngài là Đấng Linh hồn con, Lạy Ngài là Đấng Kính yêu của con, lạy Ngài là Đấng Đức tin của con!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Giải mọi cơn khát,
Lạy Đấng Vua Thiên thượng, lạy Đấng Đại Trân bảo!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Đại Hoài niệm,
Lạy Danh Chí tôn, lạy Ngài là Đường xưa Nhất!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Đáng Tán dương nhất,
Lạy Đấng Tối thánh, lạy Đấng Siêu thoát!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Mở trói,
Lạy Đấng Khuyến giáo, lạy Đấng Giải thoát!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Bạn hữu, 
Lạy Đấng Lương y, lạy Đấng Quyến rũ!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Vinh quang,
Lạy Đấng Mỹ lệ, lạy Đấng Đại lượng!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Đáng tin cậy Nhất, Lạy Đấng Yêu thương Tối hảo, lạy Đấng Vua buổi Hừng đông!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Thắp sáng, lạy Đấng Làm rực sáng, lạy Đấng Đem đến Niềm vui!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Ngài là Đấng Vua Đại lượng, lạy Đấng Yêu thương Nhất, lạy Đấng Khoan dung Nhất!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Kiên định, lạy Đấng Hiếu sinh, lạy Đấng Cội nguồn của mọi Sinh vật!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Ngài là Đấng Thấu suốt mọi sự, lạy Đấng Thượng Đế Thấy khắp, lạy Đấng Vua Phát ngôn!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Hiển hiện nhưng Huyền bí, lạy Đấng Khó thấy nhưng Lừng danh, lạy Đấng Chăm nom mà mọi người tìm kiếm!
Ngài là sự Đầy đủ, Ngài là sự Chữa bệnh, 
Ngài là sự Hằng hữu, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu!

Con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Ngài là Đấng Tàn sát những Người Yêu thương, lạy Thượng Đế Khoan dung đối với những kẻ ác!

Lạy Đấng Ban cho Đầy đủ, con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Ban cho Đầy đủ!

Lạy Đấng Chữa bệnh, con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Chữa bệnh!

Lạy Đấng Tạo nên sự Hằng hữu, con kêu cầu Ngài, lạy Đấng Tạo nên sự Hằng hữu!

Ngài là sự Thường hằng, lạy Ngài là Đấng Hằng hữu.

Ngài cao cả thay, lạy Thượng Đế của con! Con khẩn cầu Ngài, bởi lượng khoan dung của Ngài mà các cửa thiên phúc và thiên ân đều rộng mở, mà Ngôi đền Thánh thiện của Ngài được thiết lập trên ngai vĩnh cửu; và bởi lượng bác ái của Ngài mà Ngài mời gọi tất cả tạo vật vào bàn tiệc từ huệ và ân sủng của Ngài; bởi đức sủng ái của Ngài mà Ngài đáp ứng, trong chính Bản thể Ngài bằng Thánh ngôn Ngài “chấp thuận!” lời cầu xin của tất cả những ai ở cõi trời và cõi đất, vào giờ mà quyền tối thượng của Ngài, và sự hùng vĩ của Ngài khải lộ, lúc bình minh mà uy lực ngự trị của Ngài biểu hiện. Và bởi các Danh đẹp nhất ấy, bởi những Đặc tính tôn quý và cao cả nhất ấy, bởi Đấng Hoài vọng Cao quý Nhất, bởi Đấng Mỹ lệ tinh khiết và không tì vết, bởi Đấng Ánh sáng của Ngài đầy huyền nhiệm ở trong thánh điện nhiệm mầu nhất, và bởi Danh Ngài được phủ bằng chiếc áo tai ương mỗi buổi sáng chiều, con cũng cầu xin Ngài che chở người mang Kinh bản ân phúc này, người đọc kinh này, người gặp được kinh này và người đi quanh ngôi nhà trong đó có kinh này. Cũng bằng kinh này, xin Ngài chữa lành mọi người đau yếu, bệnh tật, nghèo nàn, giúp họ thoát khỏi mọi tai ương, phiền não khủng khiếp và bằng kinh này xin Ngài dìu dắt ai tùy thích vào những con đường hướng dẫn của Ngài, vào những lối ngỏ tha thứ và khoan dung của Ngài.

Quả thật, Ngài là Đấng Hùng mạnh, Đấng Đầy đủ Nhất, Đấng Chữa bệnh, Đấng Phù trợ, Đấng Ban cho, Đấng Phúc hậu, Đấng Độ lượng, Đấng Đại Từ bi.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=42)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [2] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [3] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [4] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[998] Prayer UUID: 1e00d9f6-ec30-45f5-9a1f-59a5e490a46e

FULL TEXT (vi):
## Bản Kinh 
* Cầu Nguyện Bắt Buộc Dài Nhất


* Đọc một lần trong vòng hai mươi bốn giờ
*(Ai muốn đọc Kinh này thì phải đứng thẳng và hướng về Thượng Đế, rồi vẫn không rời chỗ, nhìn sang phải sang trái, như thể tìm kiếm lượng bác ái của Thượng Đế, Đấng Đại Bác ái, Đấng Từ bi. Và bắt đầu đọc:)

Lạy Ngài là Đấng Thượng Đế của tất cả các Danh, Đấng Sáng tạo các cõi trời! Bởi các Đấng là Đấng Hừng đông Bản thể vô hình của Ngài, Đấng Đại Vinh quang, Đấng Tối cao, con khẩn cầu Ngài xin biến lời cầu nguyện của con thành ngọn lửa có thể thiêu hủy màn vô minh đã ngăn cách con với vẻ mỹ lệ của Ngài, và thành ánh sáng dắt dẫn con tới đại dương Hiện diện của Ngài.

*(Đưa hai tay lên trong dáng điệu khẩn cầu Thượng Đế - Ngài thật đầy ân phúc và vinh hiển -  và đọc:)

Lạy Ngài là Đấng Khát khao của thế giới, Đấng Kính yêu của các nước! Ngài thấy con đang hướng về Ngài, dứt bỏ mọi ràng buộc với bất cứ ai không phải là Ngài, bấu víu vào sợi dây thiêng liêng của Ngài mà sự vận chuyển có thể làm đảo lộn cả vạn vật. Lạy Thượng Đế của con, con là tôi tớ Ngài. Ngài thấy con đứng đây, sẵn sàng làm theo ý chí và ý thích của Ngài, và con không ước ao gì khác ngoài sự hài lòng của Ngài. Bởi Đại dương bác ái của Ngài, bởi Vầng Thái dương ân phúc của Ngài, con cầu xin Ngài sử dụng kẻ tôi tớ Ngài như Ngài muốn, như Ngài thích. Nguyện bởi quyền năng Ngài hằng vượt xa mọi sự mô tả và tán tụng! Bất cứ điều gì Ngài mặc khải đều là sở thích của tâm hồn con, đều là khát vọng của linh hồn con. Lạy Thượng Đế, Thượng Đế của con! Xin đừng để ý đến ước vọng và hành động của con, nhưng xin để ý đến ý chí của Ngài vốn bao trùm các bầu trời và trái đất. Nguyện bởi Tối Đại Danh của Ngài, lạy Ngài là Đấng Vua tất cả các nước! Con chỉ muốn điều Ngài muốn và chỉ yêu điều Ngài yêu.

*(Quì gối, trán cúi xuống đất, và đọc:)

Ngài vô cùng cao cả vượt trên mọi sự mô tả ngoại trừ sự mô tả của chính Ngài, và vượt khỏi sự hiểu biết của bất cứ ai ngoài Ngài. 

*(Đứng dậy và đọc:)

Lạy Thượng Đế của con, xin biến lời cầu nguyện của con thành nguồn nước sự sống khiến con có thể sống lâu như quyền tối thượng của Ngài và có thể suy tôn quyền ấy trong mỗi thế giới của Ngài. 

*(Lại đưa tay lên khẩn cầu và đọc:)

Lạy Ngài là Đấng mà sự xa cách làm tiêu hủy các tâm hồn và linh hồn, là Đấng mà lửa tình yêu làm nóng bỏng cả hoàn cầu! Bởi Thánh Danh Ngài đã chinh phục cả tạo vật, con xin Ngài đừng từ chối con điều gì thuộc về Ngài, lạy Ngài là Đấng cai quản mọi người. Lạy Thượng Đế của con, Ngài thấy kẻ xa lạ này hối hả tiến về thánh thất tối cao của mình, dưới bóng tàn cây uy nghi của Ngài, trong thánh điện bác ái của Ngài; kẻ tội lỗi này đang tìm kiếm đại dương tha thứ của Ngài; kẻ tín đồ hèn mọn này đang tiến tới cung điện vinh quang của Ngài; tạo vật nghèo nàn này đang tìm kiếm phương đông sản nghiệp của Ngài. Ngài có thẩm quyền truyền phán bất cứ điều gì Ngài muốn. Con làm chứng rằng các việc làm của Ngài đều đáng ca ngợi, các mệnh lệnh của Ngài đều đáng tuân tùng và phán lệnh của Ngài không hề bị hạn chế. 

*(Đưa tay lên và đọc Thánh Danh ba lần – Allah-o-Abha. Tay đặt lên đầu gối, cúi mình trước Thượng Đế – Ngài thật đầy ân phúc và vinh hiển – và đọc:)

Lạy Thượng Đế của con, Ngài thấy đấy, trong khắp các chi thể, tinh thần con xúc động mạnh bởi khát vọng tôn thờ Ngài, bởi nhiệt tâm nhắc đến Danh Ngài và ca tụng Ngài; Ngài thấy tinh thần con xác tín đến mức nào điều mà ngọn Lưỡi phán lệnh của Ngài đã chứng nhận trong Vương quốc thánh ngôn của Ngài và trên bầu trời tri thức của Ngài. Lạy Thượng Đế của con, trong trạng thái tinh thần này, con tha thiết cầu xin Ngài tất cả những gì thuộc về Ngài để chứng minh sự nghèo nàn của con, xin tôn vinh đức từ ái và sự sung túc của Ngài, để có thể thú nhận sự bất năng của con, làm tỏ rõ uy quyền và sức mạnh của Ngài.

*(Đứng thẳng người, tay đưa lên hai lần theo cách khẩn cầu, và đọc:)

Không có Thượng Đế nào khác ngoài Ngài, Đấng Toàn năng, Đấng Đại Từ bi. Không có Thượng Đế nào khác ngoài Ngài, Đấng An bài từ thủy đến chung. Lạy Thượng Đế, Thượng Đế của con, đức bao dung của Ngài làm con bạo dạn, lượng bác ái của Ngài làm con mạnh mẽ; tiếng gọi của Ngài thức tỉnh con, ân phúc của Ngài nâng con lên và dắt con đến với Ngài. Không nhờ thế, con đâu có ra gì, và làm sao con dám đứng ở ngưỡng cửa thành phố của sự gần gũi Ngài, hoặc ngước mặt lên trước ánh sáng chiếu rọi từ cõi trời ý chí Ngài? Lạy Thượng Đế của con, Ngài thấy tạo vật khốn khổ này đang gõ cửa thiên phúc của Ngài, linh hồn phù du này đang tìm kiếm dòng sông trường sinh tuôn chảy từ bàn tay độ lượng của Ngài. Mãi mãi phán lệnh thuộc về Ngài, lạy Ngài là Đấng Vua tất cả các danh, còn bổn phận của con là phải nhẫn nhục và phục tùng tức khắc ý chí Ngài, lạy Ngài là Đấng Sáng tạo các cõi trời.

*(Đưa tay lên ba lần và đọc ba lần:)

Thượng Đế là Đấng Vĩ đại hơn mọi người vĩ đại.


*(Quì xuống, trán áp mặt đất, và đọc:)

Ngài vô cùng cao cả đến nỗi lời chúc tụng của những người gần Ngài không thể lên đến cõi trời hiện diện của Ngài, và những con chim tâm hồn của những người trung thành với Ngài cũng không thể bay tới ngưỡng cửa nơi ở của Ngài. Con xin làm chứng rằng Ngài cao cả hơn mọi phẩm hạnh và sự thánh thiện của Ngài vượt trên tất cả các danh. Không có Thượng Đế nào khác ngoài Ngài, Đấng Tối cao, Đấng Toàn vinh. 

*(Hãy ngồi và đọc:)

Con xin làm chứng về điều mà tất cả vạn vật, và Quần hội thiên thượng, cư dân Thiên đàng tối cao, và bên trên nữa, từ Chân trời toàn vinh chính Ngọn Lưỡi Vĩ đại đều làm chứng rằng Ngài là Thượng Đế, rằng không có Thượng Đế nào khác ngoài Ngài, và rằng Đấng được biểu hiện là Mầu nhiệm tàng ẩn của Ngài, là Biểu tượng Trân bảo đã khiến các chữ B(bi) và E(i) được ráp nối và dính liền (Be)*. Con xin chứng nhận rằng chính Đấng mà Danh được viết bởi Ngòi bút của Đấng Tối cao và đã được nhắc đến trong các Thánh kinh của Thượng Đế, là Đấng Vua trên ngôi thiên thượng và trên thế gian.

*(Đứng lên và đọc:)

Lạy Đấng Thượng Đế của tất cả các sinh linh và là Đấng Sở hữu vạn vật hữu hình và vô hình! Chắc chắn Ngài thấy nước mắt con, Ngài nhận ra tiếng thở dài của con. Ngài nghe lời kêu than của con, tiếng rên siết của con và lời ta thán của tâm hồn con. Bởi quyền năng của Ngài! Các sự quá phạm của con đã ngăn con đến gần Ngài, và các tội lỗi của con đã khiến con cách xa ngưỡng cửa thánh thiện của Ngài. Lạy Thượng Đế của con, tình yêu Ngài khiến con thành giàu có, sự xa cách Ngài khiến con kiệt quệ. Bởi dấu chân Ngài trong sa mạc này và bởi những lời báo hiệu “Ta đây, Ta đây” do những Người lựa chọn của Ngài thốt lên giữa cảnh mênh mông này, bởi hơi thở Mặc khải của Ngài và bởi làn gió nhẹ của Đấng Bình minh Biểu hiện của Ngài, con cầu xin Ngài ban cho con điều khiến con được phép chiêm ngưỡng vẻ đẹp của Ngài và tuân giữ mọi điều chứa đựng trong Thánh kinh Ngài.
	
*(Đọc ba lần Tối Đại Danh:)
Allah-o-Abha

*(Khom mình, tay đặt lên đầu gối, và đọc:)

Lạy Thượng Đế của con, con ca tụng Ngài vì Ngài đã giúp con nhớ đến Ngài, và con tán dương Ngài vì Ngài đã giúp con nhận biết Đấng Hừng đông các dấu hiệu Ngài, giúp con cúi lạy trước quyền tối thượng của Ngài, khiến con trở nên khiêm tốn trước Thần tính của Ngài và nhận biết điều được truyền phán bởi Ngọn lưỡi vĩ đại của Ngài.




*(Đứng lên và đọc:)

Lạy Thượng Đế, Thượng Đế của con! Lưng con còng xuống bởi gánh nặng tội lỗi của con và sự vô tâm của con đã khiến con hư mất. Khi con nghĩ đến những hành động xấu xa của con và lòng từ bi của Ngài, tim con nhũn ra và máu con sục sôi trong các huyết quản của con. Bởi Đấng Mỹ lệ của Ngài, lạy Ngài là Đấng Khát khao của thế giới! Con thẹn thùng khi ngước mặt nhìn Ngài và xấu hổ khi đưa đôi tay khát khao lên cõi trời từ ái của Ngài. Lạy Thượng Đế của con, Ngài thấy nước mắt con đã ngăn trở con tưởng nhớ đến Ngài và nêu cao đức hạnh của Ngài, lạy Ngài là Đấng Vua trên ngôi thiên thượng và trên thế gian! Bởi các dấu hiệu của Vương quốc Ngài và bởi những huyền nhiệm thuộc Quyền Ngự trị của Ngài, con cầu xin Ngài đối xử với những người thân yêu của Ngài tùy theo lượng từ ái của Ngài và tùy theo ân đức của Ngài, lạy Ngài là Đấng Thượng Đế của vạn vật, lạy Ngài là Đấng Vua của cõi hữu hình và vô hình!

*(Đọc Tối Đại danh ba lần:)
Allah-o-Abha

*(Quì xuống, trán áp đất và đọc:)

Lạy Thượng Đế của chúng con, Ngài thật đáng chúc tụng vì Ngài đã ban xuống cho chúng con điều khiến chúng con đến gần Ngài và ban cho chúng con những của cải như Ngài đã hứa trong các Thánh kinh và Thánh thư của Ngài. Lạy Thượng Đế của con, chúng con cầu xin Ngài che chở chúng con khỏi những đạo binh ảo tưởng điên khùng và những tưởng tượng hão huyền. Quả thực, Ngài là Đấng Uy lực, Đấng Toàn tri.

*(Ngước đầu lên, ngồi tại chỗ và đọc:)

Lạy Thượng Đế của con, con xin làm chứng cho những điều mà các Đấng tuyển chọn của Ngài đã làm chứng, và con nhận biết những điều đã được tiếp thụ bởi các cư dân của Thiên đàng tối cao, cũng như bởi những người đã chầu hầu quanh Ngôi uy lực của Ngài. Các vương quốc của cõi đất và cõi trời đều thuộc về Ngài, lạy Ngài là Đấng Thượng Đế của các thế giới!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (9 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=42)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

  [3] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [4] AB07155WOM (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: My Lord! My Lord! I praise Thee and I thank Thee for that whereby Thou hast favored Thine humble maidservant, Thy slave beseeching and supplicating Thee, because Thou hast verily guided her unto Thine obvious Kingdom and caused her to hear thine exalted Call in the contingent world and to behold thy Signs which prove the appearance of Thy victorious reign over all things.
      Last:  O my Lord, I dedicate that which is in my womb unto Thee. Then cause it to be a praiseworthy child in Thy Kingdom and a fortunate one by Thy favor and Thy generosity; to develop and to grow up under the charge of Thine education. Verily, Thou art the Gracious! Verily, Thou art the Lord of Great Favor!

  [5] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [6] BH09289 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me, O my God, to draw nigh unto Thee, and to abide within the precincts of Thy court, for remoteness from Thee hath well-nigh consumed me.  Cause me to rest under the shadow of the wings of Thy grace, for the flame of my separation from Thee hath melted my heart within me.  Draw me nearer unto the river that is life indeed, for my soul burneth with thirst in its ceaseless search after Thee.  My sighs, O my God, proclaim the bitterness of mine anguish, and the tears I shed attest my love for Thee.
      Last:  Glorified be Thy name, O Thou Who art the King of all Kings!

  [7] AB00553 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Fill up for me the cup of detachment from all things, and in the assembly of Thy splendors and bestowals, rejoice me with the wine of loving Thee.  Free me from the assaults of passion and desire, break off from me the shackles of this nether world, draw me with rapture unto Thy supernal realm, and refresh me amongst the handmaids with the breathing of Thy holiness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Powerful, the Ever-Giving, the Able, the Omnipotent.

  [8] BH00238 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Light and glory, greeting and praise be upon the Hands of His Cause, through whom the light of fortitude hath shone forth and the truth hath been established that the authority to choose rests with God, the Powerful, the Mighty, the Unconstrained, through whom the ocean of bounty hath surged and the fragrance of the gracious favors of God, the Lord of mankind, hath been diffused.  We beseech Him—exalted is He—to shield them through the power of His hosts, to protect them through the potency of His dominion, and to aid them through His indomitable strength which prevaileth over all created things.  Sovereignty is God's, the Creator of the heavens and the Lord of the Kingdom of Names.
      Last:  * Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh, Lawh-i-Dunyá (Tablet of the World)

  [9] BH00154FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The Kitáb-i-Aqdas states: “We have commanded you to pray and fast from the beginning of maturity [15 years]; this is ordained by God, your Lord and the Lord of your forefathers...  The traveler, the ailing, those who are with child or giving suck, are not bound by the fast... Abstain from food and drink from sunrise to sundown, and beware lest desire deprive you of this grace that is appointed in the Book.”
      Last:  Assist them, O my God, to render Thee victorious and to exalt Thy Word.  Suffer them, then, to become as hands of Thy Cause amongst Thy servants, and make them to be revealers of Thy religion and Thy signs amongst mankind, in such wise that the whole world may be filled with Thy remembrance and praise and with Thy proofs and evidences.  Thou art, verily, the All-Bounteous, the Most Exalted, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[999] Prayer UUID: 23a808c1a0ec

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH04421HEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: Create in me a pure heart, O my God, and renew a tranquil conscience within me, O my Hope!  Through the spirit of power confirm Thou me in Thy Cause, O my Best-Beloved, and by the light of Thy glory reveal unto me Thy path, O Thou the Goal of my desire!  Through the power of Thy transcendent might lift me up unto the heaven of Thy holiness, O Source of my being, and by the breezes of Thine eternity gladden me, O Thou Who art my God!  Let Thine everlasting melodies breathe tranquillity on me, O my Companion, and let the riches of Thine ancient countenance deliver me from all except Thee, O my Master, and let the tidings of the revelation of Thine incorruptible Essence bring me joy, O Thou Who art the most manifest of the manifest and the most hidden of the hidden!

  [2] BH07426FOO (Confidence: %!d(float64=62)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: O my Lord!  Make Thy beauty to be my food, and Thy presence my drink, and Thy pleasure my hope, and praise of Thee my action, and remembrance of Thee my companion, and the power of Thy sovereignty my succorer, and Thy habitation my home, and my dwelling-place the seat Thou hast sanctified from the limitations imposed upon them who are shut out as by a veil from Thee.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1000] Prayer UUID: 246ca368-d0c6-4372-b545-7bd86aee1c68

FULL TEXT (vi):
Nu vo ada han e cuda e Tanawa Tanawa e wap pie-it nush ta Weed cada my a too Wee a Ma tu queet me quash  me quash cada e auta quan eada we how ta quan Kaden ought to quan qua e hoeta quan sa Wee e whan e cua Cada oo we qad me on ich, e Wab wut e Na did quay, e New casa e wa nu in.

* I bear witness, O my God, that Thou hast created me to know Thee and to worship Thee. I testify, at this moment, to my powerlessness and to Thy might, to my poverty and to Thy wealth.
* There is none other God but Thee, the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (113 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

  [2] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [3] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [4] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

  [5] BB00617 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I beg Thee to forgive me, O my Lord, for every mention but the mention of Thee, and for every praise but the praise of Thee, and for every delight but delight in Thy nearness, and for every pleasure but the pleasure of communion with Thee, and for every joy but the joy of Thy love and of Thy good-pleasure, and for all things pertaining unto me which bear no relationship unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of lords, He Who provideth the means and unlocketh the doors.

  [6] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [7] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [8] BH09864 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the fragrances of the Raiment of Thy grace which at Thy bidding and in conformity with Thy desire were diffused throughout the entire creation, and by the Daystar of Thy will that hath shone brightly, through the power of Thy might and of Thy sovereignty, above the horizon of Thy mercy, to blot out from my heart all idle fancies and vain imaginings, that with all my affections I may turn unto Thee, O Thou Lord of all mankind!
      Last:  Thou, in very truth, art the Lord of the worlds, and the God of all that are in heaven and all that are on earth.

  [9] BH02198 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Exalted, the Transcendent, the All-Highest.
      Last:  The everlasting Candle shineth in its naked glory. Behold how it hath consumed every mortal veil. O ye moth-like lovers of His light! Brave every danger, and consecrate your souls to its consuming flame. O ye that thirst after Him! Strip yourselves of every earthly affection, and hasten to embrace your Beloved. With a zest that none can equal make haste to attain unto Him. The Flower, thus far hidden from the sight of men, is unveiled to your eyes. In the open radiance of His glory He standeth before you. His voice summoneth all the holy and sanctified beings to come and be united with Him. Happy is he that turneth thereunto; well is it with him that hath attained, and gazed on the light of so wondrous a countenance.

  [10] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [11] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [12] BH05768 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I venture to make mention of Thee, I am held back by my mighty sins and grievous trespasses against Thee, and find myself wholly deprived of Thy grace, and utterly powerless to celebrate Thy praise.  My great confidence in Thy bounty, however, reviveth my hope in Thee, and my certitude that Thou wilt bountifully deal with me emboldeneth me to extol Thee, and to ask of Thee the things Thou dost possess.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds!

  [13] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

  [14] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [15] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [16] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [17] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

  [18] BH01503ENJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O God, my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast enjoined Thy chosen ones, Thy loved ones and Thy servants to observe the Fast, which Thou hast made a light unto the people of Thy kingdom, even as Thou didst make obligatory prayer a ladder of ascent unto those who acknowledge Thy unity.  I beg of Thee, O my God, by these two mighty pillars, which Thou hast ordained as a glory and honor for all mankind, to keep Thy religion safe from the mischief of the ungodly and the plotting of every wicked doer.  O Lord, conceal not the light which Thou hast revealed through Thy strength and Thine omnipotence.  Assist, then, those who truly believe in Thee with the hosts of the seen and the unseen by Thy command and Thy sovereignty. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [19] BB00556 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Verily I am Thy servant, O my God, and Thy poor one and Thy suppliant and Thy wretched creature.  I have arrived at Thy gate, seeking Thy shelter.  I have found no contentment save in Thy love, no exultation except in Thy remembrance, no eagerness but in obedience to Thee, no joy save in Thy nearness, and no tranquillity except in reunion with Thee, notwithstanding that I am conscious that all created things are debarred from Thy sublime Essence and the entire creation is denied access to Thine inmost Being.  Whenever I attempt to approach Thee, I perceive nothing in myself but the tokens of Thy grace and behold naught in my being but the revelations of Thy loving-kindness.  How can one who is but Thy creature seek reunion with Thee and attain unto Thy presence, whereas no created thing can ever be associated with Thee, nor can aught comprehend Thee?  How is it possible for a lowly servant to recognize Thee and to extol Thy praise, notwithstanding that Thou hast destined for him the revelations of Thy dominion and the wondrous testimonies of Thy sovereignty?  Thus every created thing beareth witness that it is debarred from the sanctuary of Thy presence by reason of the limitations imposed upon its inner reality.  It is undisputed, however, that the influence of Thine attraction hath everlastingly been inherent in the realities of Thy handiwork, although that which beseemeth the hallowed court of Thy providence is exalted beyond the attainment of the entire creation.  This indicateth, O my God, my utter powerlessness to praise Thee and revealeth my utmost impotence in yielding thanks unto Thee; and how much more to attain the recognition of Thy divine unity or to succeed in reaching the clear tokens of Thy praise, Thy sanctity and Thy glory.  Nay, by Thy might, I yearn for naught but Thine Own Self and seek no one other than Thee.

  [20] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [21] AB10703RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord! Make this youth radiant and confer Thy bounty upon this poor creature. Bestow upon him knowledge, grant him added strength at the break of every morn and guard him within the shelter of Thy protection so that he may be freed from error, may devote himself to the service of Thy Cause, may guide the wayward, lead the hapless, free the captives and awaken the heedless, that all may be blessed with Thy remembrance and praise. Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

  [22] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [23] BH03470 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      Name: O God, guide me
      First: O God, guide me, protect me, make of me a shining lamp and a brilliant star.  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

  [24] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [25] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [26] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [27] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

  [28] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [29] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [30] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [31] BH04421HEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Create in me a pure heart, O my God, and renew a tranquil conscience within me, O my Hope!  Through the spirit of power confirm Thou me in Thy Cause, O my Best-Beloved, and by the light of Thy glory reveal unto me Thy path, O Thou the Goal of my desire!  Through the power of Thy transcendent might lift me up unto the heaven of Thy holiness, O Source of my being, and by the breezes of Thine eternity gladden me, O Thou Who art my God!  Let Thine everlasting melodies breathe tranquillity on me, O my Companion, and let the riches of Thine ancient countenance deliver me from all except Thee, O my Master, and let the tidings of the revelation of Thine incorruptible Essence bring me joy, O Thou Who art the most manifest of the manifest and the most hidden of the hidden!

  [32] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [33] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [34] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [35] BH07426FOO (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord!  Make Thy beauty to be my food, and Thy presence my drink, and Thy pleasure my hope, and praise of Thee my action, and remembrance of Thee my companion, and the power of Thy sovereignty my succorer, and Thy habitation my home, and my dwelling-place the seat Thou hast sanctified from the limitations imposed upon them who are shut out as by a veil from Thee.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Powerful.

  [36] BB00002ENA (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Enable all the peoples of the earth to gain admittance into the Paradise of Thy Faith, so that no created being may remain beyond the bounds of Thy good-pleasure.
      Last:  From time immemorial Thou hast been potent to do what pleaseth Thee and transcendent above whatsoever Thou desirest.

  [37] ABU0070GAT (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These are Thy servants who have gathered in this meeting, have turned unto Thy kingdom and are in need of Thy bestowal and blessing. O Thou God! Manifest and make evident the signs of Thy oneness which have been deposited in all the realities of life. Reveal and unfold the virtues which Thou hast made latent and concealed in these human realities.
      Last:  Thou art mighty. Thou art powerful. Thou art the Giver, and Thou art the Ever-Bounteous.

  [38] BB00630 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Thou art the Remover of every anguish and the Dispeller of every affliction.  Thou art He Who banisheth every sorrow and setteth free every slave, the Redeemer of every soul.  O Lord!  Grant deliverance through Thy mercy, and reckon me among such servants of Thine as have gained salvation.

  [39] BH08264 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  Thou hearest Thine ardent lovers lamenting in their separation from Thee, and such as have recognized Thee wailing because of their remoteness from Thy presence.  Open Thou outwardly to their faces, O my Lord, the gates of Thy grace, that they may enter them by Thy leave and in conformity with Thy will, and may stand before the throne of Thy majesty, and catch the accents of Thy voice, and be illumined with the splendors of the light of Thy face.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [40] BH08852 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  One of Thy handmaidens, who hath believed in Thee and in Thy signs, hath entered beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness.  Give her to quaff, O my God, by Thy Name, the Manifest and the Hidden, of Thy choice sealed Wine that it may take her away from her own self, and make her to be entirely devoted to Thy remembrance, and wholly detached from any one beside Thee.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, the God of knowledge and wisdom.

  [41] BH09960 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  Thou art He Whom all things worship and Who worshipeth no one, Who is the Lord of all things and is the vassal of none, Who knoweth all things and is known of none. Thou didst wish to make Thyself known unto men; therefore, Thou didst, through a word of Thy mouth, bring creation into being and fashion the universe.  There is none other God except Thee, the Fashioner, the Creator, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.
      Last:  Thou art the God of power, of glory and bounty.  No God is there beside Thee, the Supreme Ruler, the All-Glorious, the Omniscient.

  [42] BB00374 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Vouchsafe unto me, O my God, the full measure of Thy love and Thy good-pleasure, and through the attractions of Thy resplendent light enrapture our hearts, O Thou Who art the Supreme Evidence and the All-Glorified.  Send down upon me, as a token of Thy grace, Thy vitalizing breezes, throughout the daytime and in the night season, O Lord of bounty.
      Last:  Indeed shouldst Thou desire to confer blessing upon a servant Thou wouldst blot out from the realm of his heart every mention or disposition except Thine Own mention; and shouldst Thou ordain evil for a servant by reason of that which his hands have unjustly wrought before Thy face, Thou wouldst test him with the benefits of this world and of the next that he might become preoccupied therewith and forget Thy remembrance.

  [43] AB03017CAL (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God! This Thy handmaid is calling upon Thee, trusting in Thee, turning her face unto Thee, imploring Thee to shed thy heavenly bounties upon her, and to disclose unto her Thy spiritual mysteries, and to cast upon her the lights of Thy Godhead.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Ever-Bestowing, the Open of Hand.

  [44] AB11281 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord! This a lamp lighted by the fire of Thy love and ablaze with the flame which is ignited in the tree of Thy mercy. O my Lord! Increase his enkindlement, heat and flame, with the fire which is kindled in the Sinai of Thy Manifestation. Verily, Thou art the Confirmer, the Assister, the Powerful, the Generous, the Loving.

  [45] BH08244 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified be Thy name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy power that hath encompassed all created things, and by Thy Sovereignty that hath transcended the entire creation, and by Thy Word which was hidden in Thy wisdom and whereby Thou didst create Thy heaven and Thy earth, both to enable us to be steadfast in our love for Thee and in our obedience to Thy pleasure, and to fix our gaze upon Thy face, and celebrate Thy glory.  Empower us, then, O my God, to spread abroad Thy signs among Thy creatures, and to guard Thy Faith in Thy realm.  Thou hast ever existed independently of the mention of any of Thy creatures, and wilt remain as Thou hast been for ever and ever.
      Last:  Praise be to Thee, O Thou Who art the Beloved of them that have known Thee!

  [46] AB00431PIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Lord!  Pitiful are we, grant us Thy favor; poor, bestow upon us a share from the ocean of Thy wealth;needy, do Thou satisfy us; abased, give us Thy glory.  The fowls of the air and the beasts of the field receive their meat each day from Thee and all beings partake of Thy care and loving kindness.
      Last:  Give us our daily bread and grant Thine increase in the necessities of life, that we may be dependent on none other than Thee, may commune wholly with Thee, may walk in Thy ways and declare Thy mysteries. Thou art the Almighty and the Loving and the Provider of all mankind.

  [47] BH03109KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God, exalted is He, the Lord of loving-kindness and bounty!
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Single, the Powerful, the Omniscient, the Bountiful.

  [48] AB02326 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  O Lord, my God! Lowly are these servants of Thine, exalt them in Thy kingdom on high; feeble, strengthen them by Thy supreme power; abased, bestow upon them Thy glory in Thine all-highest realm; poor, enrich them in Thy great dominion. Do Thou then ordain for them all the good Thou hast destined in Thy worlds, visible and invisible, prosper them in this world below, gladden their hearts with Thine inspiration, O Lord of all beings! Illumine their hearts with Thy joyful tidings diffused from Thine all-glorious Station, make firm their steps in Thy Most-Great Covenant and strengthen their loins in Thy firm Testament, by Thy bounty and promised grace, O Gracious and Merciful One! Thou art, verily, the Gracious, the All-Bountiful.

  [49] AB00949WIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  Graciously bestow a pair of heavenly wings unto each of these fledglings, and give them spiritual power that they may wing their flight through this limitless space and may soar to the heights of the Abhá Kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful; Thou art the Bestower and the All-Loving.

  [50] AB00073SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! We are servants of Thy Threshold, taking shelter at Thy holy Door. We seek no refuge save only this strong pillar, turn nowhere for a haven but unto Thy safekeeping. Protect us, bless us, support us, make us such that we shall love but Thy good pleasure, utter only Thy praise, follow only the pathway of truth, that we may become rich enough to dispense with all save Thee, and receive our gifts from the sea of Thy beneficence, that we may ever strive to exalt Thy Cause and to spread Thy sweet savors far and wide, that we may become oblivious of self and occupied only with Thee, and disown all else and be caught up in Thee.
      Last:  O Thou Provider, O Thou Forgiver! Grant us Thy grace and loving-kindness, Thy gifts and Thy bestowals, and sustain us, that we may attain our goal. Thou art the Powerful, the Able, the Knower, the Seer; and, verily, Thou art the Generous, and, verily, Thou art the All-Merciful, and, verily, Thou art the Ever-Forgiving, He to Whom repentance is due, He Who forgiveth even the most grievous of sins.

  [51] BH00662FLO (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! I ask Thee, by Thy most glorious Name, to aid me in that which will cause the affairs of Thy servants to prosper, and Thy cities to flourish. Thou, indeed, hast power over all things!
      Last:  * Summons of the Lord of Hosts, p. 90.

  [52] ABU0188TUR (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God! O my God! Verily, these servants are turning to Thee, supplicating Thy kingdom of mercy. Verily, they are attracted by Thy holiness and set aglow with the fire of Thy love, seeking confirmation from Thy wondrous kingdom, and hoping for attainment in Thy heavenly realm. Verily, they long for the descent of Thy bestowal, desiring illumination from the Sun of Reality. O Lord! Make them radiant lamps, merciful signs, fruitful trees and shining stars. May they come forth in Thy service and be connected with Thee by the bonds and ties of Thy love, longing for the lights of Thy favor. O Lord! Make them signs of guidance, standards of Thine immortal kingdom, waves of the sea of Thy mercy, mirrors of the light of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous. Verily, Thou art the Merciful. Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Beloved.

  [53] BB00004REN (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord, Thou Who hast brought into being all created things, through the power of Thy behest.
      Last:  Grant Thou, O Lord, that their hearts may, through allegiance to this, Thine inviolable Faith, grow stronger than anything else in the heavens and on earth and in whatsoever is between them; and strengthen, O Lord, their hands with the tokens of Thy wondrous power that they may manifest Thy power before the gaze of all mankind.

  [54] AB07124 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Who art generous and merciful! We are servants of Thy threshold and are gathered beneath the sheltering shadow of Thy divine unity. The sun of Thy mercy is shining upon all, and the clouds of Thy bounty shower upon all. Thy gifts encompass all, Thy loving providence sustains all, Thy protection overshadows all, and the glances of Thy favor are cast upon all. O Lord! Grant Thine infinite bestowals, and let the light of Thy guidance shine. Illumine the eyes, gladden the hearts with abiding joy. Confer a new spirit upon all people and bestow upon them eternal life. Unlock the gates of true understanding and let the light of faith shine resplendent. Gather all people beneath the shadow of Thy bounty and cause them to unite in harmony, so that they may become as the rays of one sun, as the waves of one ocean, and as the fruit of one tree. May they drink from the same fountain. May they be refreshed by the same breeze. May they receive illumination from the same source of light. Thou art the Giver, the Merciful, the Omnipotent.

  [55] BH07105 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee, by Thy Most Great Name through which Thou didst stir up Thy servants and build up Thy cities, and by Thy most excellent titles, and Thy most august attributes, to assist Thy people to turn in the direction of Thy manifold bounties, and set their faces towards the Tabernacle of Thy wisdom.  Heal Thou the sicknesses that have assailed the souls on every side, and have deterred them from directing their gaze towards the Paradise that lieth in the shelter of Thy shadowing Name, which Thou didst ordain to be the King of all names unto all who are in heaven and all who are on earth.  Potent art Thou to do as pleaseth Thee.  In Thy hands is the empire of all names.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Wise.
      Last:  Thou art truly the Lord of this life and of the next.  Thou art, in truth, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

  [56] AB04980HOP (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Thou art my Hope and my Beloved, my highest Aim and Desire!  With great humbleness and entire devotion I pray to Thee to make me a minaret of Thy love in Thy land, a lamp of Thy knowledge among Thy creatures, and a banner of divine bounty in Thy dominion.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the All-Powerful.

  [57] BB00147GRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Provide for the speedy growth of the Tree of Thy divine Unity; water it then, O Lord, with the flowing waters of Thy good-pleasure, and cause it, before the revelations of Thy divine assurance, to yield such fruits as Thou desirest for Thy glorification and exaltation, Thy praise and thanksgiving, and to magnify Thy Name, to laud the oneness of Thine Essence and to offer adoration unto Thee, inasmuch as all this lieth within Thy grasp and in that of none other.
      Last:  Great is the blessedness of those whose blood Thou hast chosen wherewith to water the Tree of Thine affirmation, and thus to exalt Thy holy and immutable Word.

  [58] BB00018ANG (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God!  There is no one but Thee to allay the anguish of my soul, and Thou art my highest aspiration, O my God.  My heart is wedded to none save Thee and such as Thou dost love.  I solemnly declare that my life and death are both for Thee.  Verily Thou art incomparable and hast no partner.
      Last:  O my God!  I beseech Thee by the evidences of Thy favor, to let me draw nigh to the sublime heights of Thy holy presence, and protect me from inclining myself toward the subtle allusions of aught else but Thee.  Guide my steps, O my God, unto that which is acceptable and pleasing to Thee.  Shield me, through Thy might, from the fury of Thy wrath and chastisement, and hold me back from entering habitations not desired by Thee.

  [59] BH10231 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how the wrongs committed by such of Thy creatures as have turned their backs to Thee have come in between Him in Whom Thy Godhead is manifest and Thy servants.  Send down upon them, O my Lord, what will cause them to be busied with each others' concerns.  Let, then, their violence be confined to their own selves, that the land and they that dwell therein may find peace.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [60] BH05543 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I give Thee thanks inasmuch as Thou hast called me into being in Thy days, and infused into me Thy love and Thy knowledge.  I beseech Thee, by Thy name whereby the goodly pearls of Thy wisdom and Thine utterance were brought forth out of the treasuries of the hearts of such of Thy servants as are nigh unto Thee, and through which the Daystar of Thy name, the Compassionate, hath shed its radiance upon all that are in Thy heaven and on Thy earth, to supply me, by Thy grace and bounty, with Thy wondrous and hidden bounties.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds.

  [61] AB03461MAR (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: *“Bahá’í marriage is union and cordial affection between the two parties.  They must, however, exercise the utmost care and become acquainted with each other's character.  This eternal bond should be made secure by a firm covenant, and the intention should be to foster harmony, fellowship and unity and to attain everlasting life.” —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  “We will, all, verily, abide by the Will of God.”

  [62] BH09809 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how Thy loved ones have been encompassed by the rebellious amongst Thy creatures and the wicked amidst Thy people.  No land remaineth but the lamentation of Thy lovers and the wailing of Thy chosen ones were lifted up therein.  I beseech Thee by Thy Most Great Name to draw forth the hand of power from the bosom of Thy might and to assist therewith all them that love Thee.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Informed.

  [63] BH05801 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: In His Name, the Exalted, the All-Highest, the Most Sublime!
      Last:  O Thou King of Kings! O Thou kind Lord! O Thou Source of ancient bounty, of grace, of generosity and bestowal! O Thou Healer of sicknesses! O Thou Sufficer of needs! O Thou Light of Light! O Thou Light above all Lights! O Thou Revealer of every Manifestation! O Thou the Compassionate! O Thou the Merciful! Do Thou have mercy upon the bearer of this Tablet, through Thy most great mercy and Thine abundant grace, O Thou the Gracious, Thou the Bounteous. Guard him, moreover, through Thy protection, from whatsoever his heart and mind may find repugnant. Of those endued with power, Thou, verily, art the most powerful. The Glory of God rest upon thee, O thou rising sun! Do thou testify unto that which God hath testified of His own Self, that there is none other God besides Him, the Almighty, the Best-Beloved.

  [64] BH00009GRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I have risen this morning by Thy grace, O my God, and left my home trusting wholly in Thee, and committing myself to Thy care.  Send down, then, upon me, out of the heaven of Thy mercy, a blessing from Thy side, and enable me to return home in safety even as Thou didst enable me to set out under Thy protection with my thoughts fixed steadfastly upon Thee.
      Last:  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Incomparable, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [65] AB07155WOM (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: My Lord! My Lord! I praise Thee and I thank Thee for that whereby Thou hast favored Thine humble maidservant, Thy slave beseeching and supplicating Thee, because Thou hast verily guided her unto Thine obvious Kingdom and caused her to hear thine exalted Call in the contingent world and to behold thy Signs which prove the appearance of Thy victorious reign over all things.
      Last:  O my Lord, I dedicate that which is in my womb unto Thee. Then cause it to be a praiseworthy child in Thy Kingdom and a fortunate one by Thy favor and Thy generosity; to develop and to grow up under the charge of Thine education. Verily, Thou art the Gracious! Verily, Thou art the Lord of Great Favor!

  [66] AB00728MDS (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou Kind Lord! This dearly cherished maidservant was attracted to Thee, and through reflection and discernment longed to attain Thy presence and enter Thy realms. With tearful eyes she fixed her gaze on the Kingdom of Mysteries. Many a night she spent in deep communion with Thee, and many a day she lived in intimate remembrance of Thee. At every morn she was mindful of Thee, and at every eve she centered her thoughts upon Thee. Like unto a singing nightingale she chanted Thy sacred verses, and like unto a mirror she sought to reflect Thy light.
      Last:  O Lord! We are sinners, but Thou art the Forgiver. We are submerged in the ocean of shortcomings, but Thou art the Pardoner; the Kind. Forgive our sins and bless us with Thine abundant grace. Grant us the privilege of beholding Thy Countenance, and give us the chalice of joy and bliss. We are captives of our own transgressions, and Thou art the King of bountiful favors. We are drowned in a sea of iniquities, and Thou art the Lord of infinite mercy. Thou art the Giver, the Glorious, the Eternal, the Bounteous; and Thou art the All-Gracious, the All-Merciful, the Omnipotent, He Who is the Bestower of gifts and the Forgiver of sins. Verily, Thou art He to Whom we turn for the remission of our failings, He Who is the Lord of Hosts.

  [67] BH08824 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified, O Lord my God, be Thy Name, whereby the trees of the garden of Thy Revelation have been clad with verdure, and been made to yield the fruits of holiness during this Springtime when the sweet savors of Thy favors and blessings have been wafted over all things, and caused them to bring forth whatsoever had been preordained for them in the Kingdom of Thine irrevocable decree and the Heaven of Thine immutable purpose. I beseech Thee by this very Name not to suffer me to be far from the court of Thy holiness, nor debarred from the exalted sanctuary of Thy unity and oneness.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XCVI

  [68] AB00156LOW (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou seest me, O my God, bowed down in lowliness, humbling myself before Thy commandments, submitting to Thy sovereignty, trembling at the might of Thy dominion, fleeing from Thy wrath, entreating Thy grace, relying upon Thy forgiveness, shaking with awe at Thy fury.  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart, with streaming tears and a yearning soul, and in complete detachment from all things, to make Thy lovers as rays of light across Thy realms, and to aid Thy chosen servants to exalt Thy Word, that their faces may turn beauteous and bright with splendor, that their hearts may be filled with mysteries, and that every soul may lay down its burden of sin.  Guard them then from the aggressor, from him who hath become a shameless and blasphemous doer of wrong.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art He of abounding grace.  There is none other God save Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Ever-Bestowing.

  [69] AB00169FRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O my God! These are Thy servants who are attracted by the fragrances of Thy mercifulness, are enkindled by the fire burning in the tree of Thy singleness, and whose eyes are brightened by beholding the splendors of the light shining in the Sinai of Thy oneness.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Most Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.

  [70] BH00593 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God our Lord!  Protect us through Thy grace from whatsoever may be repugnant unto Thee, and vouchsafe unto us that which well beseemeth Thee.  Give us more out of Thy bounty, and bless us.  Pardon us for the things we have done, and wash away our sins, and forgive us with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Most Exalted, the Self-Subsisting.
      Last:  Thou art the Sovereign Ruler, the Mighty Doer, the Exalted, the All-Loving.

  [71] BH09404 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Magnified art Thou, O Lord of the entire creation, the One unto Whom all things must turn.  With my inner and outer tongues I bear witness that thou hast manifested and revealed Thyself, sent down Thy signs, and proclaimed Thy testimonies.  I testify to Thy self-sufficiency from aught else except Thee, and Thy sanctity above all earthly things.  I entreat Thee by the transcendent glory of Thy Cause and the supreme potency of Thy Word to grant confirmation unto him who desireth to offer what Thou hast prescribed unto him in Thy Book and to observe that which will shed forth the fragrance of Thine acceptance.  Verily Thou art the All-Mighty, the All-Gracious, the All-Forgiving, the All-Generous.

  [72] BH02848 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my God and my Master!  I am Thy servant and the son of Thy servant. I have risen from my couch at this dawntide when the Daystar of Thy oneness hath shone forth from the Dayspring of Thy will, and hath shed its radiance upon the whole world, according to what had been ordained in the Books of Thy Decree.
      Last:  Thou art, truly, the Lord and King of all men, and art potent over all things.

  [73] BH03629GRI (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Dispel my grief by Thy bounty and Thy generosity, O God, my God, and banish mine anguish through Thy sovereignty and Thy might.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face set towards Thee at a time when sorrows have compassed me on every side.  I implore Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all being, and overshadowest all things visible and invisible, by Thy Name whereby Thou hast subdued the hearts and the souls of men, and by the billows of the Ocean of Thy mercy and the splendors of the Daystar of Thy bounty, to number me with them whom nothing whatsoever hath deterred from setting their faces toward Thee, O Thou Lord of all names and Maker of the heavens!
      Last:  And, finally, I beg of Thee by the light of Thy countenance to bless my affairs, and redeem my debts, and satisfy my needs.  Thou art He to Whose power and to Whose dominion every tongue hath testified, and Whose majesty and Whose sovereignty every understanding heart hath acknowledged.  No God is there but Thee, Who hearest and art ready to answer.

  [74] BH07683 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O King of eternity, and the Maker of nations, and the Fashioner of every moldering bone!  I pray Thee, by Thy Name through which Thou didst call all mankind unto the horizon of Thy majesty and glory, and didst guide Thy servants to the court of Thy grace and favors, to number me with such as have rid themselves from everything except Thyself, and have set themselves towards Thee, and have not been kept back by such misfortunes as were decreed by Thee, from turning in the direction of Thy gifts.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

  [75] BH00634 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be unto Thee, O Lord.  Forgive us our sins, have mercy upon us and enable us to return unto Thee.  Suffer us not to rely on aught else besides Thee, and vouchsafe unto us, through Thy bounty, that which Thou lovest and desirest and well beseemeth Thee.  Exalt the station of them that have truly believed, and forgive them with Thy gracious forgiveness.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [76] BH09289 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Suffer me, O my God, to draw nigh unto Thee, and to abide within the precincts of Thy court, for remoteness from Thee hath well-nigh consumed me.  Cause me to rest under the shadow of the wings of Thy grace, for the flame of my separation from Thee hath melted my heart within me.  Draw me nearer unto the river that is life indeed, for my soul burneth with thirst in its ceaseless search after Thee.  My sighs, O my God, proclaim the bitterness of mine anguish, and the tears I shed attest my love for Thee.
      Last:  Glorified be Thy name, O Thou Who art the King of all Kings!

  [77] AB00553 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Fill up for me the cup of detachment from all things, and in the assembly of Thy splendors and bestowals, rejoice me with the wine of loving Thee.  Free me from the assaults of passion and desire, break off from me the shackles of this nether world, draw me with rapture unto Thy supernal realm, and refresh me amongst the handmaids with the breathing of Thy holiness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Powerful, the Ever-Giving, the Able, the Omnipotent.

  [78] AB00189AID (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  Aid Thou Thy trusted servants to have loving and tender hearts.  Help them to spread, amongst all the nations of the earth, the light of guidance that cometh from the Company on high. Verily, Thou art the Strong, the Powerful, the Mighty, the All-Subduing, the Ever-Giving.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Gentle, the Tender, the Most Bountiful.

  [79] BH07721 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou didst lift up the ensigns of Thy guidance, and didst shed the radiance of Thy loving-kindness, and didst reveal the sovereignty of Thy Lordship; through which the lamp of Thy names hath appeared within the niche of Thine attributes, and He Who is the Tabernacle of Thy unity and the Manifestation of detachment hath shone forth; through which the ways of Thy guidance were made known, and the paths of Thy good pleasure were marked out; through which the foundations of error have been made to tremble, and the signs of wickedness have been abolished; through which the fountains of wisdom have burst forth, and the heavenly table hath been sent down; through which Thou didst preserve Thy servants and didst vouchsafe Thy healing; through which Thou didst show forth Thy tender mercies unto Thy servants and revealedst Thy forgiveness amidst Thy creatures—I implore Thee to keep safe him who hath held fast and returned unto Thee, and clung to Thy mercy, and seized the hem of Thy loving providence.  Send down, then, upon him Thy healing, and make him whole, and endue him with a constancy vouchsafed by Thee, and a tranquillity bestowed by Thy highness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Healer, the Preserver, the Helper, the Almighty, the Powerful, the All-Glorious, the All-Knowing.

  [80] AB10685 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou most glorious Lord!  Make this little maidservant of Thine blessed and happy; cause her to be cherished at the threshold of Thy oneness, and let her drink deep from the cup of Thy love so that she may be filled with rapture and ecstasy and diffuse sweet-scented fragrance.  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

  [81] AB00963IMP (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart and streaming tears to aid whosoever expendeth his energy for the erection of this House, and the construction of this Building wherein Thy name is mentioned every morn and every eve.
      Last:  O God!  Send down Thy divine increase on whosoever endeavoreth to serve this edifice and exerteth himself to raise it amongst the kindreds and religions of the world.  Confirm him in every good deed in promoting the welfare of mankind.  Open Thou the doors of wealth and abundance unto him and make him an heir to the treasures of the Kingdom, which perish not.  Make him a sign of Thy bestowals among the peoples and reinforce him by the sea of Thy generosity and bounty, surging with waves of Thy grace and favor.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful and the Bountiful.

  [82] AB00065STE (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord and my Hope!  Help Thou Thy loved ones to be steadfast in Thy mighty Covenant, to remain faithful to Thy manifest Cause, and to carry out the commandments Thou didst set down for them in Thy Book of Splendors; that they may become banners of guidance and lamps of the Company above, wellsprings of Thine infinite wisdom, and stars that lead aright, as they shine down from the supernal sky.
      Last:  Verily, art Thou the Invincible, the Almighty, the All-Powerful.

  [83] BH09085 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The Prayer for the Dead is the only Bahá’í obligatory prayer that is to be recited in congregation; it is to be recited by one believer while all present stand in silence.  Bahá’u’lláh has clarified that this prayer is required only when the deceased is over the age of fifteen, that its recital must precede interment, and that there is no requirement to face the Qiblih during its recitation.  “Alláh-u-Abhá” is said once; then the first of the six verses is recited nineteen times.  Then “Alláh-u-Abhá” is said again, followed by the second verse, which is recited nineteen times, and so on.
      Last:  *(If the dead be a woman, let him say: This is Thy handmaiden and the daughter of Thy handmaiden, etc...)

  [84] AB02596 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord!  O my Lord!  These two bright orbs are wedded in Thy love, conjoined in servitude to Thy Holy Threshold, united in ministering to thy Cause.  Make Thou this marriage to be as threading lights of Thine abounding grace, O my Lord, the All-Merciful, and luminous rays of Thy bestowals, O Thou the Beneficent, the Ever-Giving, that there may branch out from this great tree boughs that will grow green and flourishing through the gifts that rain down from Thy clouds of grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous.  Verily, Thou art the Compassionate, the All-Merciful.

  [85] BH05894 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I know not, O my God, what the Fire is which Thou didst kindle in Thy land.  Earth can never cloud its splendor, nor water quench its flame. All the peoples of the world are powerless to resist its force.  Great is the blessedness of him that hath drawn nigh unto it, and heard its roaring.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou art, verily, the All-Powerful, the Most Generous.

  [86] BH00238 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Light and glory, greeting and praise be upon the Hands of His Cause, through whom the light of fortitude hath shone forth and the truth hath been established that the authority to choose rests with God, the Powerful, the Mighty, the Unconstrained, through whom the ocean of bounty hath surged and the fragrance of the gracious favors of God, the Lord of mankind, hath been diffused.  We beseech Him—exalted is He—to shield them through the power of His hosts, to protect them through the potency of His dominion, and to aid them through His indomitable strength which prevaileth over all created things.  Sovereignty is God's, the Creator of the heavens and the Lord of the Kingdom of Names.
      Last:  * Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh, Lawh-i-Dunyá (Tablet of the World)

  [87] BB00543VIC (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord!  Render victorious Thy forbearing servants in Thy days by granting them a befitting victory, inasmuch as they have sought martyrdom in Thy path.  Send down upon them that which will bring comfort to their minds, will rejoice their inner beings, will impart assurance to their hearts and tranquillity to their bodies and will enable their souls to ascend to the presence of God, the Most Exalted, and to attain the supreme Paradise and such retreats of glory as Thou hast destined for men of true knowledge and virtue.  Verily, Thou knowest all things, while we are but Thy servants, Thy thralls, Thy bondsmen and Thy poor ones.  No Lord but Thee do we invoke, O God our Lord, nor do we implore blessings or grace from anyone but Thee, O Thou Who art the God of mercy unto this world and the next.  We are but the embodiments of poverty, of nothingness, of helplessness and of perdition, while Thy whole Being betokeneth wealth, independence, glory, majesty and boundless grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art our Lord and the Lord of all things.  Into Thy hands do we surrender ourselves, yearning for the things that pertain unto Thee.

  [88] BH10688 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, my God!  I have set out from my home, holding fast unto the cord of Thy love, and I have committed myself wholly to Thy care and Thy protection.  I entreat Thee by Thy power through which Thou didst protect Thy loved ones from the wayward and the perverse, and from every contumacious oppressor, and every wicked doer who hath strayed far from Thee, to keep me safe by Thy bounty and Thy grace.  Enable me, then, to return to my home by Thy power and Thy might.  Thou art, truly, the Almighty, the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [89] BB00100EXI (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O God! Thou art the God Who hath existed before all things, Who will exist after all things and will last beyond all things. Thou art the God Who knoweth all things, and is supreme over all things. Thou art the God Who dealeth mercifully with all things, Who judgeth between all things and Whose vision embraceth all things. Thou art God my Lord, Thou art aware of my position, Thou dost witness my inner and outer being.
      Last:  Grant Thy forgiveness unto me and unto the believers who responded to Thy Call. Be Thou my sufficing helper against the mischief of whosoever may desire to inflict sorrow upon me or wish me ill. Verily, Thou art the Lord of all created things. Thou dost suffice everyone, while no one can be self-sufficient without Thee.

  [90] BH00154FIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The Kitáb-i-Aqdas states: “We have commanded you to pray and fast from the beginning of maturity [15 years]; this is ordained by God, your Lord and the Lord of your forefathers...  The traveler, the ailing, those who are with child or giving suck, are not bound by the fast... Abstain from food and drink from sunrise to sundown, and beware lest desire deprive you of this grace that is appointed in the Book.”
      Last:  Assist them, O my God, to render Thee victorious and to exalt Thy Word.  Suffer them, then, to become as hands of Thy Cause amongst Thy servants, and make them to be revealers of Thy religion and Thy signs amongst mankind, in such wise that the whole world may be filled with Thy remembrance and praise and with Thy proofs and evidences.  Thou art, verily, the All-Bounteous, the Most Exalted, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Merciful.

  [91] BH00009SHE (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I have wakened in Thy shelter, O my God, and it becometh him that seeketh that shelter to abide within the Sanctuary of Thy protection and the Stronghold of Thy defense.  Illumine my inner being, O my Lord, with the splendors of the Dayspring of Thy Revelation, even as thou didst illumine my outer being with the morning light of Thy favor.

  [92] BH07180 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I yield Thee thanks for having enabled me to recognize the Manifestation of Thyself, and for having severed me from Thine enemies, and laid bare before mine eyes their misdeeds and wicked works in Thy days, and for having rid me of all attachment to them, and caused me to turn wholly towards Thy grace and bountiful favors.  I give Thee thanks, also, for having sent down upon me from the clouds of Thy will that which hath so sanctified me from the hints of the infidels and the allusions of the misbelievers that I have fixed my heart firmly on Thee, and fled from such as have denied the light of Thy countenance.  Again I thank Thee for having empowered me to be steadfast in Thy love, and to speak forth Thy praise and to extol Thy virtues, and for having given me to drink of the cup of Thy mercy that hath surpassed all things visible and invisible.
      Last:  Thou art the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the All-Loving.

  [93] BH09498 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God and the God of all Names, and the Maker of the heavens!  I entreat Thee by Thy Name through which He Who is the Dayspring of Thy might and the Dawning-Place of Thy power hath been manifested, through which every solid thing hath been made to flow, and every dead corpse hath been quickened, and every moving spirit confirmed—I entreat Thee to enable me to rid myself of all attachment to any one but Thee, and to serve Thy Cause, and to wish what Thou didst wish through the power of Thy sovereignty, and to perform what is the good pleasure of Thy will.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, moreover, O my God, to ordain for me what will make me rich enough to dispense with any one save Thee.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face turned towards Thee, and my hands clinging to the cord of Thy grace.  Send down upon me Thy mercy, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  Powerful art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the All-Bountiful.

  [94] BB00002MEN (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O God.  How can I make mention of Thee while Thou art sanctified from the praise of all mankind.  Magnified be Thy Name, O God, Thou art the King, the Eternal Truth; Thou knowest what is in the heavens and on the earth, and unto Thee must all return.  Thou hast sent down Thy divinely ordained Revelation according to a clear measure.  Praised art Thou, O Lord!  At Thy behest Thou dost render victorious whomsoever Thou willest, through the hosts of heaven and earth and whatsoever existeth between them.  Thou art the Sovereign, the Eternal Truth, the Lord of invincible might.
      Last:  Glorified art Thou, O Lord!  Thou forgivest at all times the sins of such among Thy servants as implore Thy pardon.  Wash away my sins and the sins of those who seek Thy forgiveness at dawn, who pray to Thee in the daytime and in the night season, who yearn after naught save God, who offer up whatsoever God hath graciously bestowed upon them, who celebrate Thy praise at morn and eventide, and who are not remiss in their duties.

  [95] BH00308DES (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord of the world and Desire of the nations, O Thou Who hast become manifest in the Greatest Name, whereby the pearls of wisdom and utterance have appeared from the shells of the great sea of Thy knowledge, and the heavens of divine revelation have been adorned with the light of the appearance of the sun of Thy countenance.
      Last:  I beg of Thee, O Thou King of existence and Protector of the seen and the unseen, to make whosoever arises to serve Thy Cause as a sea moving by Thy desire, as one ablaze with the fire of Thy Sacred Tree, shining from the horizon of the heaven of Thy will.  Verily, Thou art the mighty One, Whom neither the power of all the world nor the strength of nations can weaken.  There is no God but Thee, the One, the Incomparable, the Protector, the Self-Subsistent.

  [96] AB09040 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O my Lord! O my Lord!
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Seer, the Hearer.

  [97] AB05167 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Thou knowest, O God, and art my witness that I have no desire in my heart save to attain Thy good pleasure, to be confirmed in servitude unto Thee, to consecrate myself in Thy service, to labor in Thy great vineyard and to sacrifice all in Thy path.  Thou art the All-Knowing and the All-Seeing.  I have no wish save to turn my steps, in my love for Thee, towards the mountains and the deserts to loudly proclaim the advent of Thy Kingdom, and to raise Thy call amidst all men.  O God! Open Thou the way for this helpless one, grant Thou the remedy to this ailing one and bestow Thy healing upon this afflicted one.  With burning heart and tearful eyes I supplicate Thee at Thy Threshold.
      Last:  O God!  Protect me from tests.  Thou knowest full well that I have turned away from all things and freed myself of all thoughts.  I have no occupation save mention of Thee and no aspiration save serving Thee.

  [98] BH06026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Gracious, the All-Bountiful!
      Last:  Lord!  Turn me not away from the ocean of Thy wealth and the heaven of Thy mercy, and ordain for me the good of this world and hereafter. Verily, Thou art the Lord of the mercy-seat, enthroned in the highest; there is none other God but Thee, the One, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [99] AB00094WEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Let whosoever travels to different parts to teach, peruse over mountain, desert, land and sea this supplication.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Most Merciful of the merciful.

  [100] BH11278RIV (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Make manifest the rivers of Thy sovereign might, that the waters of Thy Unity may flow through the inmost realities of all things, in such wise that the banner of Thine unfailing guidance may be raised aloft in the kingdom of Thy command and the stars of Thy divine splendor may shine brightly in the heaven of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou, verily, art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [101] AB02825 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise and glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  This is a choice sapling which Thou hast planted in the meads of Thy love and hast nurtured with the fingers of Thy Lordship.  Thou hast watered it from the well-spring of everlasting life which streameth forth from the gardens of Thy oneness and Thou hast caused the clouds of Thy tender mercy to shower Thy favors upon it.  It hath now grown and developed beneath the shelter of Thy blessings which are manifest from the Dayspring of Thy divine essence.  It hath burst forth into leaves and blossoms, is laden with fruit through the providence of Thy wondrous gifts and bounties and is stirred by the fragrant breeze wafting from the direction of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the All-Powerful, the All-Glorious, the Omnipotent.

  [102] BH06296 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: From the sweet-scented streams of Thine eternity give me to drink, O my God, and of the fruits of the tree of Thy being enable me to taste, O my Hope!  From the crystal springs of Thy love suffer me to quaff, O my Glory, and beneath the shadow of Thine everlasting providence let me abide, O my Light!  Within the meadows of Thy nearness, before Thy presence, make me able to roam, O my Beloved, and at the right hand of the throne of Thy mercy, seat me, O my Desire!  From the fragrant breezes of Thy joy let a breath pass over me, O my Goal, and into the heights of the paradise of Thy reality let me gain admission, O my Adored One!  To the melodies of the dove of Thy oneness suffer me to hearken, O Resplendent One, and through the spirit of Thy power and Thy might quicken me, O my Provider!  In the spirit of Thy love keep me steadfast, O my Succorer, and in the path of Thy good pleasure set firm my steps, O my Maker!  Within the garden of Thine immortality, before Thy countenance, let me abide for ever, O Thou Who art merciful unto me, and upon the seat of Thy glory stablish me, O Thou Who art my Possessor!  To the heaven of Thy loving-kindness lift me up, O my Quickener, and unto the Daystar of Thy guidance lead me, O Thou my Attractor!  Before the revelations of Thine invisible spirit summon me to be present, O Thou Who art my Origin and my Highest Wish, and unto the essence of the fragrance of Thy beauty, which Thou wilt manifest, cause me to return, O Thou Who art my God!
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou art, verily, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the All-Highest.

  [103] AB10492 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind lord!
      Last:  Thou art the Bestower, the All-Loving.

  [104] AB00314HOR (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  From the horizon of detachment Thou hast manifested souls that, even as the shining moon, shed radiance upon the realm of heart and soul, rid themselves from the attributes of the world of existence and hastened forth unto the kingdom of immortality.  With a drop from the ocean of Thy loving-kindness Thou didst oft-times moisten the gardens of their hearts until they gained incomparable freshness and beauty.  The holy fragrance of Thy divine unity was diffused far and wide, shedding its sweet savors over the entire world, causing the regions of the earth to be redolent with perfume.
      Last:  O Thou kind Lord!  Grant that this youth may attain unto that which is the highest aspiration of the holy ones.  Endow him with the wings of Thy strengthening grace—wings of detachment and divine aid—that he may soar thereby into the atmosphere of Thy tender mercy, be able to partake of Thy celestial bestowals, may become a sign of divine guidance and a standard of the Concourse on high.  Thou art the Potent, the Powerful, the Seeing, the Hearing.

  [105] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

  [106] AB00787SPL (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God, O Thou Who hast cast Thy splendor over the luminous realities of men, shedding upon them the resplendent lights of knowledge and guidance, and hast chosen them out of all created things for this supernal grace, and hast caused them to encompass all things, to understand their inmost essence, and to disclose their mysteries, bringing them forth out of darkness into the visible world! “He verily showeth His special mercy to whomsoever He will.”¹
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 55:19-22.

  [107] ABU0095KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou forgiving God! These servants are turning to Thy kingdom and seeking Thy grace and bounty. O God! Make their hearts good and pure in order that they may become worthy of Thy love. Purify and sanctify the spirits that the light of the Sun of Reality may shine upon them. Purify and sanctify the eyes that they may perceive Thy light. Purify and sanctify the ears in order that they may hear the call of Thy kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Powerful the Omnipotent, the Merciful, and Thou art the Generous, the Beneficent, the Lord of grace abounding.

  [108] BB00554 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord, my Best Beloved!  Make me steadfast in Thy Cause, and grant that I may be reckoned among those who have not violated Thy Covenant nor followed the gods of their own idle fancy.
      Last:  Grant, O my God, that I may not be reckoned among those whose ears are deaf, whose eyes are blind, whose tongues are speechless and whose hearts have failed to comprehend.  Deliver me, O Lord, from the fire of ignorance and of selfish desire, suffer me to be admitted into the precincts of Thy transcendent mercy and send down upon me that which Thou hast ordained for Thy chosen ones.  Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [109] BH09874 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! Every man of insight confesseth Thy sovereignty and Thy dominion, and every discerning eye perceiveth the greatness of Thy majesty and the compelling power of Thy might. The winds of tests are powerless to hold back them that enjoy near access to Thee from setting their faces towards the horizon of Thy glory, and the tempests of trials must fail to draw away and hinder such as are wholly devoted to Thy will from approaching Thy court.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my God, by them and by the sighs which their hearts utter in their separation from Thee, to keep them safe from the mischief of Thine adversaries, and to nourish their souls with what Thou hast ordained for Thy loved ones on whom shall come no fear and who shall not be put to grief.

  [110] AB05652WIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 56:62.

  [111] BH03181 (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is the Bestower, the Bounteous!
      Last:  And when He desired to manifest grace and beneficence to men, and to set the world in order, He revealed observances and created laws; among them He established the law of marriage, made it as a fortress for well-being and salvation, and enjoined it upon us in that which was sent down out of the heaven of sanctity in His Most Holy Book.  He saith, great is His glory: “Enter into wedlock, O people, that ye may bring forth one who will make mention of me amid My servants.  This is My bidding unto you; hold fast to it as an assistance to yourselves.”

  [112] AB00687SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Thou, my God, Who guidest the seeker to the pathway that leadeth aright, Who deliverest the lost and blinded soul out of the wastes of perdition, Thou Who bestowest upon the sincere great bounties and favors, Who guardest the frightened within Thine impregnable refuge, Who answerest, from Thine all-highest horizon, the cry of those who cry out unto Thee.  Praised be Thou, O my Lord!  Thou hast guided the distracted out of the death of unbelief, and hast brought those who draw nigh unto Thee to the journey's goal, and hast rejoiced the assured among Thy servants by granting them their most cherished desires, and hast, from Thy Kingdom of beauty, opened before the faces of those who yearn after Thee the gates of reunion, and hast rescued them from the fires of deprivation and loss—so that they hastened unto Thee and gained Thy presence, and arrived at Thy welcoming door, and received of gifts an abundant share.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Ever-Giving, the Precious, the Most Bountiful.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Exalted, the Victorious.

  [113] AB00774SAB (Confidence: %!d(float64=14)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: * Come ye together in gladness unalloyed, and at the beginning of the meeting, recite ye this prayer:
      Last:  O Thou our Provider!  Send down Thine aid, that each one gathered here may become a lighted candle, each one a center of attraction, each one a summoner to Thy heavenly realms, till at last we make this nether world the mirror image of Thy Paradise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1001] Prayer UUID: 25d3c4a4-eb2c-4593-9c5b-b8ebeb9ebe48

FULL TEXT (vi):
* Tạ ơn suông không có hiệu quả gì; nhưng lòng tạ ơn thực sự là tự nguyện dâng lời tạ ơn từ trong tâm hồn. -Đức Abdul-Baha, Quảng bá Nền Hòa bình Thế giới, tr. 23

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BHU0004SUF (Confidence: %!d(float64=27)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God is sufficient unto me; He verily is the All-sufficing! In Him let the trusting trust.

  [2] AB11605 (Confidence: %!d(float64=27)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!  O God, my God!  Bestow upon me a pure heart, like unto a pearl.

  [3] BB00015SUF (Confidence: %!d(float64=27)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Say: God sufficeth all things above all things, and nothing in the heavens or in the earth but God sufficeth.  Verily, He is in Himself the Knower, the Sustainer, the Omnipotent.

  [4] BB00018ADJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=27)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I adjure Thee by Thy might, O my God!  Let no harm beset me in times of tests, and in moments of heedlessness guide my steps aright through Thine inspiration.  Thou art God, potent art Thou to do what Thou desirest. No one can withstand Thy Will or thwart Thy Purpose.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1003] Prayer UUID: 2c2e0ca0-3f45-43bd-bfcd-9c2a848977fc

FULL TEXT (vi):
Lạy Đấng Từ bi Chí tôn, Ngài đã tạo ra nhân loại cùng một bản thể, Ngài đã hạ chỉ rằng mọi người đều thuộc về một gia đình. Trước sự Hiện diện tối linh của Ngài, ai ai cũng đều là tôi con Ngài, và tất cả nhân loại nấp dưới bóng Ngài. Mọi người đều quây quần xung quanh độ lượng khoan hồng của Ngài, mọi người đều được soi sáng bằng anh linh định mệnh của Ngài. Lạy Thượng Đế, Ngài từ bi với mọi người; Ngài sinh ra từng người, và ban đời sống cho mọi người. Ngài đã phú cho mỗi người những năng tài và năng khiếu, mọi người đều thấm nhuần ơn tế độ của Ngài bao la như biển cả. Lạy Đấng Chí tôn Đại từ Đại bi, xin ban phúc thống nhất loài người, xin ban phúc cho các tôn giáo hòa hợp, các quốc gia trở thành một nước, mọi người coi nhau như anh em trong một gia đình, và coi trái đất này như một tổ quốc, xin ban phúc cho mọi người sống chung trong sự Thái hòa.
Lạy Thượng Đế, xin Ngài phất linh kỳ thống nhất loài người. 
Lạy Thượng Đế, xin Ngài xây dựng nền Thái hòa. 
Lạy Thượng Đế, xin Ngài gắn bó các con tim lại thành một khối.
Lạy Thượng Đế Từ bi vô lượng, xin Ngài thấm nhuần trái tim chúng con bằng hương thơm ngào ngạt tình thương của Ngài, xin Ngài mở đường soi sáng mắt chúng con bằng linh quang của Ngài, xin Ngài mở tai chúng con bằng lời êm dịu của Ngài, và che chở chúng con trong thành trì định mệnh của Ngài. Ngài là Đấng Tối linh uy quyền vô hạn, Đấng Đại từ Đại bi, Đấng Quảng đại khoan dung mọi nỗi ươn hèn của nhân loại.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (37 options):

  [1] ABU0009SER (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou compassionate Lord, Thou Who art generous and able!  We are servants of Thine sheltered beneath Thy providence.  Cast Thy glance of favor upon us.  Give light to our eyes, hearing to our ears, and understanding and love to our hearts.  Render our souls joyous and happy through Thy glad tidings.  O Lord!  Point out to us the pathway of Thy kingdom and resuscitate all of us through the breaths of the Holy Spirit.  Bestow upon us life everlasting and confer upon us never-ending honor.  Unify mankind and illumine the world of humanity.
      Last:  May we all follow Thy pathway, long for Thy good pleasure and seek the mysteries of Thy kingdom.  O God!  Unite us and connect our hearts with Thy indissoluble bond.  Verily, Thou art the Giver, Thou art the Kind One and Thou art the Almighty.

  [2] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [3] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [4] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [5] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

  [6] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [7] BH08852 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory to Thee, O my God!  One of Thy handmaidens, who hath believed in Thee and in Thy signs, hath entered beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness.  Give her to quaff, O my God, by Thy Name, the Manifest and the Hidden, of Thy choice sealed Wine that it may take her away from her own self, and make her to be entirely devoted to Thy remembrance, and wholly detached from any one beside Thee.
      Last:  There is no God but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, the God of knowledge and wisdom.

  [8] AB03017CAL (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God! This Thy handmaid is calling upon Thee, trusting in Thee, turning her face unto Thee, imploring Thee to shed thy heavenly bounties upon her, and to disclose unto her Thy spiritual mysteries, and to cast upon her the lights of Thy Godhead.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Precious, the Ever-Bestowing, the Open of Hand.

  [9] AB00431PIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lord!  Pitiful are we, grant us Thy favor; poor, bestow upon us a share from the ocean of Thy wealth;needy, do Thou satisfy us; abased, give us Thy glory.  The fowls of the air and the beasts of the field receive their meat each day from Thee and all beings partake of Thy care and loving kindness.
      Last:  Give us our daily bread and grant Thine increase in the necessities of life, that we may be dependent on none other than Thee, may commune wholly with Thee, may walk in Thy ways and declare Thy mysteries. Thou art the Almighty and the Loving and the Provider of all mankind.

  [10] AB00949WIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  Graciously bestow a pair of heavenly wings unto each of these fledglings, and give them spiritual power that they may wing their flight through this limitless space and may soar to the heights of the Abhá Kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful; Thou art the Bestower and the All-Loving.

  [11] BB00004REN (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord, Thou Who hast brought into being all created things, through the power of Thy behest.
      Last:  Grant Thou, O Lord, that their hearts may, through allegiance to this, Thine inviolable Faith, grow stronger than anything else in the heavens and on earth and in whatsoever is between them; and strengthen, O Lord, their hands with the tokens of Thy wondrous power that they may manifest Thy power before the gaze of all mankind.

  [12] AB04980HOP (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Thou art my Hope and my Beloved, my highest Aim and Desire!  With great humbleness and entire devotion I pray to Thee to make me a minaret of Thy love in Thy land, a lamp of Thy knowledge among Thy creatures, and a banner of divine bounty in Thy dominion.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the All-Powerful.

  [13] BB00147GRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord!  Provide for the speedy growth of the Tree of Thy divine Unity; water it then, O Lord, with the flowing waters of Thy good-pleasure, and cause it, before the revelations of Thy divine assurance, to yield such fruits as Thou desirest for Thy glorification and exaltation, Thy praise and thanksgiving, and to magnify Thy Name, to laud the oneness of Thine Essence and to offer adoration unto Thee, inasmuch as all this lieth within Thy grasp and in that of none other.
      Last:  Great is the blessedness of those whose blood Thou hast chosen wherewith to water the Tree of Thine affirmation, and thus to exalt Thy holy and immutable Word.

  [14] BH10231 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how the wrongs committed by such of Thy creatures as have turned their backs to Thee have come in between Him in Whom Thy Godhead is manifest and Thy servants.  Send down upon them, O my Lord, what will cause them to be busied with each others' concerns.  Let, then, their violence be confined to their own selves, that the land and they that dwell therein may find peace.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [15] BH05543 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I give Thee thanks inasmuch as Thou hast called me into being in Thy days, and infused into me Thy love and Thy knowledge.  I beseech Thee, by Thy name whereby the goodly pearls of Thy wisdom and Thine utterance were brought forth out of the treasuries of the hearts of such of Thy servants as are nigh unto Thee, and through which the Daystar of Thy name, the Compassionate, hath shed its radiance upon all that are in Thy heaven and on Thy earth, to supply me, by Thy grace and bounty, with Thy wondrous and hidden bounties.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds.

  [16] AB03461MAR (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Bahá’í marriage is union and cordial affection between the two parties.  They must, however, exercise the utmost care and become acquainted with each other's character.  This eternal bond should be made secure by a firm covenant, and the intention should be to foster harmony, fellowship and unity and to attain everlasting life.” —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  “We will, all, verily, abide by the Will of God.”

  [17] BH09809 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou seest, O my God, how Thy loved ones have been encompassed by the rebellious amongst Thy creatures and the wicked amidst Thy people.  No land remaineth but the lamentation of Thy lovers and the wailing of Thy chosen ones were lifted up therein.  I beseech Thee by Thy Most Great Name to draw forth the hand of power from the bosom of Thy might and to assist therewith all them that love Thee.
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Informed.

  [18] BH02848 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God and my Master!  I am Thy servant and the son of Thy servant. I have risen from my couch at this dawntide when the Daystar of Thy oneness hath shone forth from the Dayspring of Thy will, and hath shed its radiance upon the whole world, according to what had been ordained in the Books of Thy Decree.
      Last:  Thou art, truly, the Lord and King of all men, and art potent over all things.

  [19] BH03629GRI (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Dispel my grief by Thy bounty and Thy generosity, O God, my God, and banish mine anguish through Thy sovereignty and Thy might.  Thou seest me, O my God, with my face set towards Thee at a time when sorrows have compassed me on every side.  I implore Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all being, and overshadowest all things visible and invisible, by Thy Name whereby Thou hast subdued the hearts and the souls of men, and by the billows of the Ocean of Thy mercy and the splendors of the Daystar of Thy bounty, to number me with them whom nothing whatsoever hath deterred from setting their faces toward Thee, O Thou Lord of all names and Maker of the heavens!
      Last:  And, finally, I beg of Thee by the light of Thy countenance to bless my affairs, and redeem my debts, and satisfy my needs.  Thou art He to Whose power and to Whose dominion every tongue hath testified, and Whose majesty and Whose sovereignty every understanding heart hath acknowledged.  No God is there but Thee, Who hearest and art ready to answer.

  [20] BH07683 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O King of eternity, and the Maker of nations, and the Fashioner of every moldering bone!  I pray Thee, by Thy Name through which Thou didst call all mankind unto the horizon of Thy majesty and glory, and didst guide Thy servants to the court of Thy grace and favors, to number me with such as have rid themselves from everything except Thyself, and have set themselves towards Thee, and have not been kept back by such misfortunes as were decreed by Thee, from turning in the direction of Thy gifts.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

  [21] AB00189AID (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Aid Thou Thy trusted servants to have loving and tender hearts.  Help them to spread, amongst all the nations of the earth, the light of guidance that cometh from the Company on high. Verily, Thou art the Strong, the Powerful, the Mighty, the All-Subduing, the Ever-Giving.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Gentle, the Tender, the Most Bountiful.

  [22] BH07721 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee by Thy Name, through which Thou didst lift up the ensigns of Thy guidance, and didst shed the radiance of Thy loving-kindness, and didst reveal the sovereignty of Thy Lordship; through which the lamp of Thy names hath appeared within the niche of Thine attributes, and He Who is the Tabernacle of Thy unity and the Manifestation of detachment hath shone forth; through which the ways of Thy guidance were made known, and the paths of Thy good pleasure were marked out; through which the foundations of error have been made to tremble, and the signs of wickedness have been abolished; through which the fountains of wisdom have burst forth, and the heavenly table hath been sent down; through which Thou didst preserve Thy servants and didst vouchsafe Thy healing; through which Thou didst show forth Thy tender mercies unto Thy servants and revealedst Thy forgiveness amidst Thy creatures—I implore Thee to keep safe him who hath held fast and returned unto Thee, and clung to Thy mercy, and seized the hem of Thy loving providence.  Send down, then, upon him Thy healing, and make him whole, and endue him with a constancy vouchsafed by Thee, and a tranquillity bestowed by Thy highness.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Healer, the Preserver, the Helper, the Almighty, the Powerful, the All-Glorious, the All-Knowing.

  [23] AB10685 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou most glorious Lord!  Make this little maidservant of Thine blessed and happy; cause her to be cherished at the threshold of Thy oneness, and let her drink deep from the cup of Thy love so that she may be filled with rapture and ecstasy and diffuse sweet-scented fragrance.  Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful, and Thou art the All-Knowing, the All-Seeing.

  [24] AB00963IMP (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  I implore Thee with a throbbing heart and streaming tears to aid whosoever expendeth his energy for the erection of this House, and the construction of this Building wherein Thy name is mentioned every morn and every eve.
      Last:  O God!  Send down Thy divine increase on whosoever endeavoreth to serve this edifice and exerteth himself to raise it amongst the kindreds and religions of the world.  Confirm him in every good deed in promoting the welfare of mankind.  Open Thou the doors of wealth and abundance unto him and make him an heir to the treasures of the Kingdom, which perish not.  Make him a sign of Thy bestowals among the peoples and reinforce him by the sea of Thy generosity and bounty, surging with waves of Thy grace and favor.  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful and the Bountiful.

  [25] AB00065STE (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my Lord and my Hope!  Help Thou Thy loved ones to be steadfast in Thy mighty Covenant, to remain faithful to Thy manifest Cause, and to carry out the commandments Thou didst set down for them in Thy Book of Splendors; that they may become banners of guidance and lamps of the Company above, wellsprings of Thine infinite wisdom, and stars that lead aright, as they shine down from the supernal sky.
      Last:  Verily, art Thou the Invincible, the Almighty, the All-Powerful.

  [26] AB02596 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my Lord!  O my Lord!  These two bright orbs are wedded in Thy love, conjoined in servitude to Thy Holy Threshold, united in ministering to thy Cause.  Make Thou this marriage to be as threading lights of Thine abounding grace, O my Lord, the All-Merciful, and luminous rays of Thy bestowals, O Thou the Beneficent, the Ever-Giving, that there may branch out from this great tree boughs that will grow green and flourishing through the gifts that rain down from Thy clouds of grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous.  Verily, Thou art the Compassionate, the All-Merciful.

  [27] BH00308DES (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be unto Thee, O Lord of the world and Desire of the nations, O Thou Who hast become manifest in the Greatest Name, whereby the pearls of wisdom and utterance have appeared from the shells of the great sea of Thy knowledge, and the heavens of divine revelation have been adorned with the light of the appearance of the sun of Thy countenance.
      Last:  I beg of Thee, O Thou King of existence and Protector of the seen and the unseen, to make whosoever arises to serve Thy Cause as a sea moving by Thy desire, as one ablaze with the fire of Thy Sacred Tree, shining from the horizon of the heaven of Thy will.  Verily, Thou art the mighty One, Whom neither the power of all the world nor the strength of nations can weaken.  There is no God but Thee, the One, the Incomparable, the Protector, the Self-Subsistent.

  [28] AB00094WEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let whosoever travels to different parts to teach, peruse over mountain, desert, land and sea this supplication.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Clement, the Powerful, the Mighty, and the Most Merciful of the merciful.

  [29] BH11278RIV (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Make manifest the rivers of Thy sovereign might, that the waters of Thy Unity may flow through the inmost realities of all things, in such wise that the banner of Thine unfailing guidance may be raised aloft in the kingdom of Thy command and the stars of Thy divine splendor may shine brightly in the heaven of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou, verily, art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [30] AB02825 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise and glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  This is a choice sapling which Thou hast planted in the meads of Thy love and hast nurtured with the fingers of Thy Lordship.  Thou hast watered it from the well-spring of everlasting life which streameth forth from the gardens of Thy oneness and Thou hast caused the clouds of Thy tender mercy to shower Thy favors upon it.  It hath now grown and developed beneath the shelter of Thy blessings which are manifest from the Dayspring of Thy divine essence.  It hath burst forth into leaves and blossoms, is laden with fruit through the providence of Thy wondrous gifts and bounties and is stirred by the fragrant breeze wafting from the direction of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the All-Powerful, the All-Glorious, the Omnipotent.

  [31] AB10492 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind lord!
      Last:  Thou art the Bestower, the All-Loving.

  [32] AB00314HOR (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  From the horizon of detachment Thou hast manifested souls that, even as the shining moon, shed radiance upon the realm of heart and soul, rid themselves from the attributes of the world of existence and hastened forth unto the kingdom of immortality.  With a drop from the ocean of Thy loving-kindness Thou didst oft-times moisten the gardens of their hearts until they gained incomparable freshness and beauty.  The holy fragrance of Thy divine unity was diffused far and wide, shedding its sweet savors over the entire world, causing the regions of the earth to be redolent with perfume.
      Last:  O Thou kind Lord!  Grant that this youth may attain unto that which is the highest aspiration of the holy ones.  Endow him with the wings of Thy strengthening grace—wings of detachment and divine aid—that he may soar thereby into the atmosphere of Thy tender mercy, be able to partake of Thy celestial bestowals, may become a sign of divine guidance and a standard of the Concourse on high.  Thou art the Potent, the Powerful, the Seeing, the Hearing.

  [33] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

  [34] AB00787SPL (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, O Thou Who hast cast Thy splendor over the luminous realities of men, shedding upon them the resplendent lights of knowledge and guidance, and hast chosen them out of all created things for this supernal grace, and hast caused them to encompass all things, to understand their inmost essence, and to disclose their mysteries, bringing them forth out of darkness into the visible world! “He verily showeth His special mercy to whomsoever He will.”¹
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 55:19-22.

  [35] BH09874 (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! Every man of insight confesseth Thy sovereignty and Thy dominion, and every discerning eye perceiveth the greatness of Thy majesty and the compelling power of Thy might. The winds of tests are powerless to hold back them that enjoy near access to Thee from setting their faces towards the horizon of Thy glory, and the tempests of trials must fail to draw away and hinder such as are wholly devoted to Thy will from approaching Thy court.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my God, by them and by the sighs which their hearts utter in their separation from Thee, to keep them safe from the mischief of Thine adversaries, and to nourish their souls with what Thou hast ordained for Thy loved ones on whom shall come no fear and who shall not be put to grief.

  [36] AB05652WIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 56:62.

  [37] AB00774SAB (Confidence: %!d(float64=52)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Come ye together in gladness unalloyed, and at the beginning of the meeting, recite ye this prayer:
      Last:  O Thou our Provider!  Send down Thine aid, that each one gathered here may become a lighted candle, each one a center of attraction, each one a summoner to Thy heavenly realms, till at last we make this nether world the mirror image of Thy Paradise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1004] Prayer UUID: 2d8e0ad1-52e6-4ebb-9882-44571856d14b

FULL TEXT (vi):
# For the Departed
Kiyawun wámi wucshák Manto, qá yaqi nákum mus kuputukimun.

* We all come from God, and unto Him will we return.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BHU0004SUF (Confidence: %!d(float64=27)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: God is sufficient unto me; He verily is the All-sufficing! In Him let the trusting trust.

  [2] AB11605 (Confidence: %!d(float64=27)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: He is God!  O God, my God!  Bestow upon me a pure heart, like unto a pearl.

  [3] BB00015SUF (Confidence: %!d(float64=27)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: Say: God sufficeth all things above all things, and nothing in the heavens or in the earth but God sufficeth.  Verily, He is in Himself the Knower, the Sustainer, the Omnipotent.

  [4] BB00018ADJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=27)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: I adjure Thee by Thy might, O my God!  Let no harm beset me in times of tests, and in moments of heedlessness guide my steps aright through Thine inspiration.  Thou art God, potent art Thou to do what Thou desirest. No one can withstand Thy Will or thwart Thy Purpose.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1006] Prayer UUID: 014d819f-1597-41d0-9c8d-47fe1c1f347c
Name: Spiritual Qualities

FULL TEXT (wam):
## Pili'uhane he ˇAno
* Spiritual Qualities

E ku'u Akua!

Ho'ano hou a ho'ohau'oli i ku'u ˇuhane. Ho'oma'ema'e i ku'u na'au. Ho'omalamalama i ku'u mana. Ke waiho mai nei wau ia'u iho a me ko'u mau pono apau i loko o Kou mau Lima. ˇO ˇOe no ko'u Kia'i a me ko'u Pu'uhonua. ˇA'ole au e kaumaha hou, ˇa'ole e ˇeha'eha hou; He hau'oli nui ko'u a me ka ˇoli'oli imua ou. E ku'u Akua! ˇa'ole au pÔhoihoi no, ˇa'ole au no'ono'o i ka po pilikia. ˇA'ole au e no'ono'o hou i na mea ˇino'ino like ˇole o kÎÔa ola ˇana. 

E ku'u Akua! ˇO ˇOe ku'u hoaloha i oi aku ma mua o ko'u maika'i ia'u iho. Ke ho'omahana nei au iho Nou, E ku'u Haku.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1007] Prayer UUID: 03b279c5-fe5d-4c3e-b1e7-f15840481c26
Name: O God! Educate these children

FULL TEXT (wam):
## A Vaaroving sin a Funalik Naat
* O God! Educate these children...

Saaule Nakmai, famazaam a funalik aakare.  A funalik aakare a fnuaai i la maskan a pailiu Zunum, ma a mun firaing la maskan a xumanar Zunum, ma mun fira na ros la maskan a uma Zunum.  Tudaxoing lisam daavur na tus naande.  Tudaxoing lisam minminingit a Yaas pana i Naxaam Maalufing Sunum ku naande.  Tudaxoing lisam raraaif maalur na vamarif naande, kuna di na vangaai waaluk a varviraaiing daxo ku nat faxauxaao vamarala yaang naande kun a pazar matmari daxo tapaling si naande.  Nu a Baraai a Talasing ma a Baraai a Varamaalufing.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00083RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God! This is thy radiant servant, Thy spiritual thrall, who hath drawn nigh unto Thee and approached Thy presence. He hath turned his face unto Thine, acknowledging Thy oneness, confessing Thy singleness, and he hath called out in Thy name among the nations, and led the people to the streaming waters of Thy mercy, O Thou Most generous Lord! To those who asked He hath given to drink from the cup of guidance that brimmeth over with the wine of Thy measureless grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful, the Protector, the Strong, the Beneficent! Verily, Thou art the Lord of all mercies!

  [2] ABU0129EDU (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God!  Educate these children.  These children are the plants of Thine orchard, the flowers of Thy meadow, the roses of Thy garden. Let Thy rain fall upon them; let the Sun of Reality shine upon them with Thy love.  Let Thy breeze refresh them in order that they may be trained, grow and develop, and appear in the utmost beauty.  Thou art the Giver.  Thou art the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1008] Prayer UUID: 03ede3ff-c034-4e43-953c-1fb71dd5659c

FULL TEXT (wam):
Ó můj Bože! Ó Ty, Jenž odpouštíš hříchy! Ty, Jenž propůjčuješ dary! Ty, Jenž zbavuješ utrpení!

Vpravdě, vroucně Tě prosím, odpuse hříchy těm, kteří odložili pozemské roucho a vystoupili do duchovního světa.

Ó můj Bože! Očisti je od provinění, rozptyl jejich zármutek a změň jejich temno ve světlo. Neche vejdou do zahrady blaženosti, omyj je nejčistší vodou a dovol jim spatřit Tvou slávu a nádheru na nejvznešenější hoře.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [2] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [3] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1010] Prayer UUID: 0578dd82-4a77-4f98-9da3-4b31df835fa1

FULL TEXT (wam):
Neka je sva hvala Tebi, O moj Bože, koji si Izvor svake slave i uzvišenosti, veličine i časti, vlasti i gospodstva, dostojanstva i milosti, strahopoštovanja i moći. Ti privlačiš koga hoćeš do blizine Najuzvišenijeg Okeana, i kome god že- liš ukazuješ čast da prepozna Tvoje Najdrevnije Ime. Niko na nebu i na zemlji, ne može odoljeti djelovanju Tvoje vrhovne Volje. Od vječnosti Ti vladaš čitavim stvorenim svijetom i zauvjek ćeš gospodariti svime što je stvoreno. Nema drugog Boga osim Tebe, Svemoćnog, Najuzvišenijeg, Najsilnijeg, Najmudrijeg.
Ozari svijetlom, O Gospode, lica svojih slugu, da Te mogu gledati; i srca im pročisti, da bi se okrenuli ka dvoru Tvoje nebeske dobrote i prepoznali Onoga Koji je Objava Tebe Samoga i Osvit Tvoje Suštine. Ti, odista, jesi Gospodar svih svijetova. Nema drugog Boga osim Tebe, Neograničenog, Kome se sve pokorava.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (8 options):

  [1] BH09872 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  This is Thy servant who hath quaffed from the hands of Thy grace the wine of Thy tender mercy, and tasted of the savor of Thy love in Thy days.  I beseech Thee, by the embodiments of Thy names whom no grief can hinder from rejoicing in Thy love or from gazing on Thy face, and whom all the hosts of the heedless are powerless to cause to turn aside from the path of Thy pleasure, to supply him with the good things Thou dost possess, and to raise him up to such heights that he will regard the world even as a shadow that vanisheth swifter than the twinkling of an eye.
      Last:  Keep him safe also, O my God, by the power of Thine immeasurable majesty, from all that Thou abhorrest.  Thou art, verily, his Lord and the Lord of all worlds.

  [2] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [3] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [4] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [5] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [6] BH07661 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I attempt to make mention of Thee, I am hindered by the sublimity of Thy station and the overpowering greatness of Thy might.  For were I to praise Thee throughout the length of Thy dominion and the duration of Thy sovereignty, I would find that my praise of Thee can befit only such as are like unto me, who are themselves Thy creatures, and who have been generated through the power of Thy decree and been fashioned through the potency of Thy will.  And at whatever time my pen ascribeth glory to any one of Thy names, methinks I can hear the voice of its lamentation in its remoteness from Thee, and can recognize its cry because of its separation from Thy Self.  I testify that everything other than Thee is but Thy creation and is held in the hollow of Thy hand.  To have accepted any act or praise from Thy creatures is but an evidence of the wonders of Thy grace and bountiful favors, and a manifestation of Thy generosity and providence.
      Last:  I entreat Thee, O my Lord, by Thy Most Great Name whereby Thou didst separate light from fire, and truth from denial, to send down upon me and upon such of my loved ones as are in my company the good of this world and of the next.  Supply us, then, with Thy wondrous gifts that are hid from the eyes of men.  Thou art, verily, the Fashioner of all creation.  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most High.

  [7] BH01554HUQ (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified art Thou, O Lord of the entire creation, the One unto Whom all things must turn.  With my inner and outer tongues I bear witness that thou hast manifested and revealed Thyself, sent down Thy signs, and proclaimed Thy testimonies.  I testify to Thy self-sufficiency from aught else except Thee, and Thy sanctity above all earthly things.  I entreat Thee by the transcendent glory of Thy Cause and the supreme potency of Thy Word to grant confirmation unto him who desireth to offer what Thou hast prescribed unto him in Thy Book and to observe that which will shed forth the fragrance of Thine acceptance.  Verily Thou art the All-Mighty, the All-Gracious, the All-Forgiving, the All-Generous.

  [8] BH09401 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: All praise, O my God, be to Thee Who art the Source of all glory and majesty, of greatness and honor, of sovereignty and dominion, of loftiness and grace, of awe and power.  Whomsoever Thou willest Thou causest to draw nigh unto the Most Great Ocean, and on whomsoever Thou desirest Thou conferrest the honor of recognizing Thy Most Ancient Name.  Of all who are in heaven and on earth, none can withstand the operation of Thy sovereign Will.  From all eternity Thou didst rule the entire creation, and Thou wilt continue for evermore to exercise Thy dominion over all created things.  There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, The Most Exalted, the All-Powerful, the All-Wise.
      Last:  Illumine, O Lord, the faces of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee; and cleanse their hearts that they may turn unto the court of Thy heavenly favors, and recognize Him Who is the Manifestation of Thy Self and the Dayspring of Thine Essence.  Verily, Thou art the Lord of all worlds.  There is no God but Thee, the Unconstrained, the All-Subduing.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1012] Prayer UUID: 0724c7fe22f1

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH05768 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Every time I venture to make mention of Thee, I am held back by my mighty sins and grievous trespasses against Thee, and find myself wholly deprived of Thy grace, and utterly powerless to celebrate Thy praise.  My great confidence in Thy bounty, however, reviveth my hope in Thee, and my certitude that Thou wilt bountifully deal with me emboldeneth me to extol Thee, and to ask of Thee the things Thou dost possess.
      Last:  Praised be God, the Lord of the worlds!

  [2] BH06429 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  Thou art He the fire of Whose love hath set ablaze the hearts of them who have recognized Thy unity, and the splendors of Whose countenance have illuminated the faces of such as have drawn nigh unto Thy court.  How plenteous, O my God, is the stream of Thy knowledge!  How sweet, O my Beloved, is the injury which, in my love for Thee, and for the sake of Thy pleasure, I suffer from the darts of the wicked doers!  How pleasing are the wounds which, in Thy path and in order to proclaim Thy Faith, I sustain from the swords of the infidels!
      Last:  Powerful art Thou to do what Thou pleasest.  Thou art, verily, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1018] Prayer UUID: 1b72b40d-3afd-4333-884f-3eec3dc4dc14

FULL TEXT (wam):
O ao Anij im ao Master! Na ij dri jelkam im nejin dri jelkam. Emoj ao ruj tok jen ion kinio ilo jimarokin rainin einwot an Iju Ran in juon wot eo Am moj an romak tok jen jorantak in konan eo Am, im emoj an romak ion aolepen lal, ekkar nan ta eo emoj je im kakien kake ilo Buk ko Am.

Nebar Yuk, O ao Iroij, einwot am rujtok iumin meram in jelalokjen eo Am. Jilikinlaltak iom, bareinwot, O ao Anij, ta eo enaj kemaron kim bwe kemin ellok jen jabrewot ak Kwe wot, im jolok jabrewot men otmejij ijelokin wot Kwe. Kallikar nan io, bareinwot, im nan ro otemjij im rebake io, im ro nuku, man im kora jimor, kin men ko remmon ilo mour in im ilo mour eo tokelik. Kejbarok kim, bareinwot, kin kejbarok eo Am ejamin likjab, O Kwe eo Jitenburu an men in komanman otemjij im Konan eo an lan im lal, jen ro im Kwar kalikar ir bwe rej Dri Jerawiwi, im rej kabo armij otemjij. Kwokajur nan kommane ta eo Kwokonan. Emol, Kwe Dri Maron, Dri Jiban ilo ien uota, Eo Ej Bed kin E make.

Kejramon, O Iroij ao Anij, Eo im Kwar likit Ion aolepen Title ko Am remon tata, im ilo E Kwar kejbel emmon jen nana, im jiban kim bwe kemin kommane ta eo Kwokonan. Kejramon, bareinwot, O ao Anij, Ro im rej Naan im Leta ko Am, im ro im emoj air oktak im rewaj nan Yuk, im ronjake kir eo Am.

Emol, Kwoj Iroij im King an armij otemjij, im maron ion aolep men otemjij.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (6 options):

  [1] BH07106 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God! I beseech Thee by Thy Chosen Ones, and by the Bearers of Thy Trust, and by Him Whom Thou hast ordained to be the Seal of Thy Prophets and of Thy Messengers, to let Thy remembrance be my companion, and Thy love my aim, and Thy face my goal, and Thy name my lamp, and Thy wish my desire, and Thy pleasure my delight.
      Last:  There is no one, O my Lord, who can deal bountifully with me to whom I can turn my face, and none who can have compassion on me that I may crave his mercy.  Cast me not out, I implore Thee, of the presence of Thy grace, neither do Thou withhold from me the outpourings of Thy generosity and bounty.  Ordain for me, O my Lord, what Thou hast ordained for them that love Thee, and write down for me what Thou hast written down for Thy chosen ones.  My gaze hath, at all times, been fixed on the horizon of Thy gracious providence, and mine eyes bent upon the court of Thy tender mercies.  Do with me as beseemeth Thee. No God is there but Thee, the God of power, the God of glory, Whose help is implored by all men.

  [2] BH00987 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: Long Obligatory Prayer
      First: * Whoso wisheth to recite this prayer, let him stand up and turn unto God, and, as he standeth in his place, let him gaze to the right and to the left, as if awaiting the mercy of his Lord, the Most Merciful, the Compassionate. Then let him say:
      Last:  *"The daily obligatory prayers are three in number. ... The believer is entirely free to choose any one of these three prayers, but is under the obligation of reciting either one of them, and in accordance with any specific directions with which they may be accompanied." - from a letter written on behalf of Shoghi Effendi "By 'morning,' 'noon' and 'evening,' mentioned in connection with the Obligatory Prayers, is meant respectively the intervals between sunrise and noon, between noon and sunset, and from sunset till two hours after sunset." - Synopsis and Codification of the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, p. 36

  [3] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [4] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [5] AB00687SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou, my God, Who guidest the seeker to the pathway that leadeth aright, Who deliverest the lost and blinded soul out of the wastes of perdition, Thou Who bestowest upon the sincere great bounties and favors, Who guardest the frightened within Thine impregnable refuge, Who answerest, from Thine all-highest horizon, the cry of those who cry out unto Thee.  Praised be Thou, O my Lord!  Thou hast guided the distracted out of the death of unbelief, and hast brought those who draw nigh unto Thee to the journey's goal, and hast rejoiced the assured among Thy servants by granting them their most cherished desires, and hast, from Thy Kingdom of beauty, opened before the faces of those who yearn after Thee the gates of reunion, and hast rescued them from the fires of deprivation and loss—so that they hastened unto Thee and gained Thy presence, and arrived at Thy welcoming door, and received of gifts an abundant share.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Ever-Giving, the Precious, the Most Bountiful.  There is none other God but Thee, the Mighty, the Powerful, the Exalted, the Victorious.

  [6] BH02777RIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God and my Master!  I am Thy servant and the son of Thy servant. I have risen from my couch at this dawntide when the Daystar of Thy oneness hath shone forth from the Dayspring of Thy will, and hath shed its radiance upon the whole world, according to what had been ordained in the Books of Thy Decree.
      Last:  Thou art, truly, the Lord and King of all men, and art potent over all things.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1019] Prayer UUID: 1c4fced0-2b9d-498a-aad3-08f52146a5f1

FULL TEXT (wam):
O Iroij! Ilo Kwe ij bukot kejbarok eo Am, im nan aolepen kokkale ko Am ij aje waj buruo.

O Iroij! Mekarta ilo ien ao itoitak ak ilo ao bed ijo jiku, im ilo ao boub ak ilo ao jerbal, ij likit aolepen ao like ilo Kwe.

Letok nan io bareinwot jiban eo Am elab bwe in maron mour im anemkoj jen jabrewot, O Kwe Eo ejelok jonan Am tiriamo!

Letok nan io kij eo ao, O Iroij, ekkar nan Am konan, im komman bwe en bo buruo kin jabrewot men otemjij emoj Am karok nan io.

Aolep maron rej Am ekkar nan Ankilam.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0023UNI (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Verily, I invoke Thee and supplicate before Thy threshold, asking Thee that all Thy mercies may descend upon these souls.  Specialize them for Thy favor and Thy truth.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Almighty, the Self-Subsistent, the Giver, the Forgiving, the Pardoner, the Omniscient, the One Creator.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1022] Prayer UUID: 214f8be6148b

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0129EDU (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God!  Educate these children.  These children are the plants of Thine orchard, the flowers of Thy meadow, the roses of Thy garden. Let Thy rain fall upon them; let the Sun of Reality shine upon them with Thy love.  Let Thy breeze refresh them in order that they may be trained, grow and develop, and appear in the utmost beauty.  Thou art the Giver.  Thou art the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1024] Prayer UUID: 23ca88a1e929

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH03111 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most High!  Lauded and glorified art Thou, Lord, God Omnipotent!  Thou before Whose wisdom the wise falleth short and faileth, before Whose knowledge the learned confesseth his ignorance, before Whose might the strong waxeth weak, before Whose wealth the rich testifieth to his poverty, before Whose light the enlightened is lost in darkness, toward the shrine of Whose knowledge turneth the essence of all understanding and around the sanctuary of Whose presence circle the souls of all mankind.
      Last:  All praise and glory be to Thee, Thou of Whom all things have testified that Thou art one and there is none other God but Thee, Who hast been from everlasting exalted above all peer or likeness and to everlasting shalt remain the same.  All kings are but Thy servants and all beings, visible and invisible, as naught before Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Gracious, the Powerful, the Most High.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1025] Prayer UUID: 246ca368-d0c6-4372-b545-7bd86aee1c68

FULL TEXT (wam):
Nu vo ada han e cuda e Tanawa Tanawa e wap pie-it nush ta Weed cada my a too Wee a Ma tu queet me quash  me quash cada e auta quan eada we how ta quan Kaden ought to quan qua e hoeta quan sa Wee e whan e cua Cada oo we qad me on ich, e Wab wut e Na did quay, e New casa e wa nu in.

* I bear witness, O my God, that Thou hast created me to know Thee and to worship Thee. I testify, at this moment, to my powerlessness and to Thy might, to my poverty and to Thy wealth.
* There is none other God but Thee, the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=60)%, Type: LIKELY)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1026] Prayer UUID: 24e6ad1c-f55d-4790-bb20-9d37579c0ff4

FULL TEXT (wam):
Oho Morena, Molimo oa ka!  Thusa baratuoa ba Hau ho tiea Tumelong, ea Hau, ho tsamaea Tseleng ea Hau, ho tiea Tseleng ea Hau. Ba abele mosa oa Hau ho hlola liteko tsa nama le bobe, ho latela leseli la tataiso ea khalalelo ea Hau.  Ke Uena Ea-Matla, Ea-Mosa, Ea-Iphilisang, Seabi, Ea-Kutloelo-Bohloko, E Moholo-holo,  Ea Khauhelo Eohle

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH05703KEP (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Suffer me not, O God, my God, to be kept back from the heaven of Thy bounties and the daystar of Thy favors.  I beseech Thee by that Word through which Thou hast subdued all things visible and invisible to assist me and to assist Thy chosen ones to accomplish that which shall exalt Thy Cause amidst Thy servants and throughout Thy regions.  Do Thou ordain for me, then, every good thing which Thou hast sent down in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Almighty, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [2] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [3] BH07469 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Mighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate!
      Last:  Decree for me, by Thy bounty, O Lord, that which shall prosper me in this world and hereafter and shall draw me nigh unto Thee, O Thou Who art the Lord of all men.  There is none other God but Thee, the One, the Mighty, the Glorified.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1028] Prayer UUID: 2a1829e8-2f10-4982-a388-f09bcfd42eae

FULL TEXT (wam):
Ene Jauna! Ene Jauna! Adin txikidun ume bat naiz. Zeure errukitasunezko ugatzez elikatu nazazu, Zeure maitasunezko altzoan irakatsi ezadazu, Zeure bidargiaren eskolan hezi nazazu, eta Zeure adeiaren itzalpean garaterazi nazazu. Ilunetik askatu nazazu eta nitaz argi dizdirati bat egizu; zorigaitzetik jagon nazazu, arrosa lili bat egizu nitaz; Zeure ateko otsein izaten utzi ezadazu eta zintzoen izaera eta sena emaidazu; gizarte munduarekiko adeibide bat egizu nitaz eta betiko bizitzaren koroez apaindu ezazu nire burua. Benetan, Zeu zara Ahaltsua, Indartsua, Ikuslea eta Entzulea.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (13 options):

  [1] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [2] AB00314HOR (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  From the horizon of detachment Thou hast manifested souls that, even as the shining moon, shed radiance upon the realm of heart and soul, rid themselves from the attributes of the world of existence and hastened forth unto the kingdom of immortality.  With a drop from the ocean of Thy loving-kindness Thou didst oft-times moisten the gardens of their hearts until they gained incomparable freshness and beauty.  The holy fragrance of Thy divine unity was diffused far and wide, shedding its sweet savors over the entire world, causing the regions of the earth to be redolent with perfume.
      Last:  O Thou kind Lord!  Grant that this youth may attain unto that which is the highest aspiration of the holy ones.  Endow him with the wings of Thy strengthening grace—wings of detachment and divine aid—that he may soar thereby into the atmosphere of Thy tender mercy, be able to partake of Thy celestial bestowals, may become a sign of divine guidance and a standard of the Concourse on high.  Thou art the Potent, the Powerful, the Seeing, the Hearing.

  [3] AB00169BEH (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The spreaders of the fragrances of God should recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

  [4] AB00388COM (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Divine Providence! This assemblage is composed of Thy friends who are attracted to Thy beauty and are set ablaze by the fire of Thy love. Turn these souls into heavenly angels, resuscitate them through the breath of Thy Holy Spirit, grant them eloquent tongues and resolute hearts, bestow upon them heavenly power and merciful susceptibilities, cause them to become the promulgators of the oneness of mankind and the cause of love and concord in the world of humanity, so that the perilous darkness of ignorant prejudice may vanish through the light of the Sun of Truth, this dreary world may become illumined, this material realm may absorb the rays of the world of spirit, these different colors may merge into one color and the melody of praise may rise to the kingdom of Thy sanctity.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Omnipotent, and the Almighty!

  [5] BH00438 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: My God, my Adored One, my King, my Desire!  What tongue can voice my thanks to Thee?  I was heedless, Thou didst awaken me.  I had turned back from Thee, Thou didst graciously aid me to turn towards Thee.  I was as one dead, Thou didst quicken me with the water of life.  I was withered, Thou didst revive me with the heavenly stream of Thine utterance which hath flowed forth from the Pen of the All-Merciful.
      Last:  O Divine Providence!  All existence is begotten by Thy bounty; deprive it not of the waters of Thy generosity, neither do Thou withhold it from the ocean of Thy mercy.  I beseech Thee to aid and assist me at all times and under all conditions, and seek from the heaven of Thy grace Thine ancient favor.  Thou art, in truth, the Lord of bounty, and the Sovereign of the kingdom of eternity.

  [6] AB00032DAR (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Thou seest how black darkness is enshrouding all regions, how all countries are burning with the flame of dissension, and the fire of war and carnage is blazing throughout the East and the West.  Blood is flowing, corpses bestrew the ground, and severed heads are fallen on the dust of the battlefield.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Most Generous, the Lord of grace abounding, and, verily, Thou art the Compassionate and the Merciful.

  [7] AB00362LOV (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Illumine the brows of Thy true lovers, and support them with angelic hosts of certain triumph.  Set firm their feet on Thy straight path, and out of Thine ancient bounty open before them the portals of Thy blessings; for they are expending on Thy pathway what Thou hast bestowed upon them, safeguarding Thy Faith, putting their trust in their remembrance of Thee, offering up their hearts for love of Thee, and withholding not what they possess in adoration for Thy Beauty and in their search for ways to please Thee.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Sustainer, the Helper, the Generous, the Bountiful, the Ever-Bestowing.

  [8] AB00210BIR (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The following commune is to be read ... every day:
      Last:  O Lord! I am single, alone and lowly. For me there is no support save Thee, no helper except Thee and no sustainer beside Thee. Confirm me in Thy service, assist me with the cohorts of Thy angels, make me victorious in the promotion of Thy Word and suffer me to speak out Thy wisdom amongst Thy creatures. Verily, Thou art the helper of the weak and the defender of the little ones, and verily Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty and the Unconstrained.

  [9] AB00083RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God! This is thy radiant servant, Thy spiritual thrall, who hath drawn nigh unto Thee and approached Thy presence. He hath turned his face unto Thine, acknowledging Thy oneness, confessing Thy singleness, and he hath called out in Thy name among the nations, and led the people to the streaming waters of Thy mercy, O Thou Most generous Lord! To those who asked He hath given to drink from the cup of guidance that brimmeth over with the wine of Thy measureless grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful, the Protector, the Strong, the Beneficent! Verily, Thou art the Lord of all mercies!

  [10] AB00241HIG (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * The following supplication is to be read by the teachers and friends daily:
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Powerful, the Mighty, the Wise and the Seeing.

  [11] AB00049RAP (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Whoever sets out on a teaching journey to any place, let him recite this prayer day and night during his travels in foreign lands.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Confirmer of whomsoever Thou willest in that which Thou desirest, and, verily, Thou art the All-Powerful, the Omnipotent.

  [12] AB00209UND (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Every soul who travels through the cities, villages and hamlets of these States and is engaged in the diffusion of the fragrances of God, should peruse this commune every morning:
      Last:  Thou art the Omnipotent and the Doer of whatsoever Thou willest.

  [13] AB00397HEA (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou loving Provider!  These souls have hearkened to the summons of the Kingdom, and have gazed upon the glory of the Sun of Truth.  They have risen upward to the refreshing skies of love; they are enamored of Thy nature, and they worship Thy beauty.  Unto Thee have they turned themselves, speaking together of Thee, seeking out Thy dwelling, and thirsting for the waterbrooks of Thy heavenly realm.
      Last:  Thou art the Giver, the Bestower, the Ever-Loving.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1031] Prayer UUID: 2de5ebd6e346

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00870 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Healer, the Sufficer, the Helper, the All-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.
      Last:  Thou art verily the Powerful, the All-Sufficing, the Healing, the Protector, the Giving, the Compassionate, the All-Generous, the All-Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1032] Prayer UUID: 3242dbdc1687

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1033] Prayer UUID: 32f3fe1f-7f64-491c-9d4b-d268cb5c27cb

FULL TEXT (wam):
Zeure betikotasunezko ur garden eta gozoetatik edaten emaidazu,ene Jauna,
eta Zure izatezko zuhaitzaren igalietatik jaten emaidazu,ene Itxaropena!
Zeure maitasunezko iturrietatik edaten utzi ezadazu,ene Aintza,
eta Zeure betiko arduraren itzalpean bizitzen utzi ezadazu,ene Argia!
Zeure hurbileko larretan, Zeure aurrean ibili nadila egizu,ene Maitea,
eta Zeure errukizko jarlekuaren eskuinaldean eseri nazazu,ene Nahia!
Zeure alaitasunaren haize lurrintsuen bolada bat niganako heldu dadila egizu, ene Jomuga
eta Zure izatezko zeru goietan sartzeko baimena emaidazu, ene Gurtua!
Zeure batasun usoaren urrungak entzuten utzi ezadazu,
Dizdiratia zaren Horrek,eta Zeure ahaltasun eta aginte gogoaren bidez bizkortu nazazu,
ene Hornitzailea!
Zeure maitasunaren izpirituan tinko eduki nazazu, ene Laguntzailea,
eta Zeure atseginezko bidetxiorrean nire urratsak indartu itzazu,ene Egilea!
Zeure hilezinezko baratzean,Zeure arpegiaren aurrean betirako bizitzen utzi ezadazu,
niganako errukior zaren Horrek!
Zeure ontasun maitakorrezko zerurantz jaso nazazu,ene Bizkortzaile Horrek,eta Zeure bidargiko Eguzkirantz eroan nazazu,Zeureganatzen nauzun Horrek! Zeure gogo ikusezinaren agerraldietara deitu erakutsiko duzun Zeure edertasunaren lurrin muinera itzultzen utzi ezadazu, neure Jainkoa Zaitudan Horrek!
Nahi duzuna egiteko Ahaltsua zara Zu,benetan Goralduena, Aintzaguztiduna, Gorengoa.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] BH00531TRA (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by all the transcendent glory of Thy Name, to clothe Thy loved ones in the robe of justice and to illumine their beings with the light of trustworthiness.  Thou art the One that hath power to do as He pleaseth and Who holdeth within His grasp the reins of all things, visible and invisible.

  [2] BH02307 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *(This Tablet is read at the Shrines of Bahá’u’lláh and the Báb. It is also frequently used in commemorating Their anniversaries.)
      Last:  Bless Thou, O Lord my God, the Divine Lote-Tree and its leaves, and its boughs, and its branches, and its stems, and its offshoots, as long as Thy most excellent titles will endure and Thy most august attributes will last.  Protect it, then, from the mischief of the aggressor and the hosts of tyranny.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.  Bless Thou, also, O Lord my God, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens who have attained unto Thee.  Thou, truly, art the All-Bountiful, Whose grace is infinite.  No God is there save Thee, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous.

  [3] BH03562 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the prayer-hearing, prayer-answering God!
      Last:  Thou art verily the Almighty, the Pardoner, the Compassionate.

  [4] BH01125 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I beseech Thee, O my God, by Thy mighty Sign, and by the revelation of Thy grace amongst men, to cast me not away from the gate of the city of Thy presence, and to disappoint not the hopes I have set on the manifestations of Thy grace amidst Thy creatures.  Thou seest me, O my God, holding to Thy Name, the Most Holy, the Most Luminous, the Most Mighty, the Most Great, the Most Exalted, the Most Glorious, and clinging to the hem of the robe to which have clung all in this world and in the world to come.
      Last:  I beseech Thee, O my Lord, by Thyself, and by Thy signs, and Thy clear tokens, and the shining light of the Daystar of Thy Beauty, and Thy Branches, to cancel the trespasses of those who have held fast to Thy laws, and have observed what Thou hast prescribed unto them in Thy Book.  Thou seest me, O my God, holding to Thy Name, the Most Holy, the Most Luminous, the Most Mighty, the Most Great, the Most Exalted, the Most Glorious, and clinging to the hem of the robe to which have clung all in this world and in the world to come.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1036] Prayer UUID: 40c6e8db-c6e0-4a39-b5e3-8f6de3efbf32

FULL TEXT (wam):
Ствары ўва мне чыстае сэрца, о мой Божа, і сумленне спакойнае ўва мне аднаві, о Надзея мая! Духам сілы сцвердзі мяне ў Справе Тваёй, о Найлюбасны мой, і святлом славы Тваёй адкрый мне Твой шлях, о Ты, Мэта імкнення майго! Сілаю Тваёй бязмежнай моцы ўзнясі мяне да нябёсаў святасці Тваёй, о Выток майго быцця, і павевамі вечнасці Тваёй узрадуй мяне, о Ты, Хто ёсць мой Бог! Хай мне навеюць спакой несціханыя напевы Твае, о мой Спадарожнік; хай скарбы Твайго спрадвечнага аблічча вызваляць мяне ад усяго, акрамя Цябе, о мой Гаспадар, і хай прынясуць мне радасць весткі аб адкрыцці нятленнай Сутнасці Тваёй, О Ты, Хто ёсць з яўных найяўнейшы, найпатаемнейшы з патаемных!

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH04569 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Most Holy, the Most Glorious.
      Last:  O Lord! Open Thou the eyes of Thy servants, that they may behold Thee at all times seated upon the throne of Thy grandeur and supreme over all who are in heaven and on earth. Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest. No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

  [2] AB00083RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God! This is thy radiant servant, Thy spiritual thrall, who hath drawn nigh unto Thee and approached Thy presence. He hath turned his face unto Thine, acknowledging Thy oneness, confessing Thy singleness, and he hath called out in Thy name among the nations, and led the people to the streaming waters of Thy mercy, O Thou Most generous Lord! To those who asked He hath given to drink from the cup of guidance that brimmeth over with the wine of Thy measureless grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful, the Protector, the Strong, the Beneficent! Verily, Thou art the Lord of all mercies!

  [3] ABU0129EDU (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God!  Educate these children.  These children are the plants of Thine orchard, the flowers of Thy meadow, the roses of Thy garden. Let Thy rain fall upon them; let the Sun of Reality shine upon them with Thy love.  Let Thy breeze refresh them in order that they may be trained, grow and develop, and appear in the utmost beauty.  Thou art the Giver.  Thou art the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1037] Prayer UUID: 40f4f7c2150b

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10769 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my Lord, my Beloved, my Desire! Befriend me in my loneliness and accompany me in my exile. Remove my sorrow. Cause me to be devoted to Thy beauty. Withdraw me from all else save Thee. Attract me through Thy fragrances of holiness. Cause me to be associated in Thy Kingdom with those who are severed from all else save Thee, who long to serve Thy sacred threshold and who stand to work in Thy Cause. Enable me to be one of Thy maidservants who have attained to Thy good pleasure. Verily, Thou art the Gracious, the Generous.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1038] Prayer UUID: 41101c1fb4ef

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB00083RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God! This is thy radiant servant, Thy spiritual thrall, who hath drawn nigh unto Thee and approached Thy presence. He hath turned his face unto Thine, acknowledging Thy oneness, confessing Thy singleness, and he hath called out in Thy name among the nations, and led the people to the streaming waters of Thy mercy, O Thou Most generous Lord! To those who asked He hath given to drink from the cup of guidance that brimmeth over with the wine of Thy measureless grace.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful, the Protector, the Strong, the Beneficent! Verily, Thou art the Lord of all mercies!

  [2] ABU0129EDU (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God!  Educate these children.  These children are the plants of Thine orchard, the flowers of Thy meadow, the roses of Thy garden. Let Thy rain fall upon them; let the Sun of Reality shine upon them with Thy love.  Let Thy breeze refresh them in order that they may be trained, grow and develop, and appear in the utmost beauty.  Thou art the Giver.  Thou art the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1039] Prayer UUID: 4175244b1e78

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00870 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Healer, the Sufficer, the Helper, the All-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.
      Last:  Thou art verily the Powerful, the All-Sufficing, the Healing, the Protector, the Giving, the Compassionate, the All-Generous, the All-Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1041] Prayer UUID: 425cc194-8943-4fa9-8975-f7a50fa7bf9f

FULL TEXT (wam):
## A Vaaratulaaiing sin Ahmád
* Tablet of Ahmád

Naan be a Xalxaal, ka mazaam a mun saan mumupis ma a mazampes.  Ei mbasaan, a Roxis i Liaa xa dodor rataangis put laaur wan a rangaana a yaai tapal, pana a ling faarala ma xa raangis maaluf.  Ka pitfiaat sin a mun ubina si nis a doring na nanaming kuna a Nakmai xa vaasilik pan naande.  Ka viring naande di vaarungtungaai wana a Nakmai be Azaxei, akula la Bikabar a i naxam Maalufing.  Ka vaze nis naande di milung, kuna viaat aang a doring sina a Nakmai, a Xalxaal, a Maravas a Owaari.  Ka pinaowing lis si nis naande di i naxam maaluf akula la burburaai na vaaralaing ka matmari doxo marase.

Faaratunaan, Naan be xa Matmari Daxo Marase.  Ka xalxal la maskan a kadaking sin a mun Wangpaang.  Pa Naan be xa na galum buaak a vaaratunaaning ma a vaagiting ma xa na daring a malagaaf a mazaam aang a mun lus.  Faaratunaan marase, Naan a Yaai a Roroing, ka lis fawut a Vuaii a Nakmai.  Naan ka zi laaup, ka maradikdik ma xa lilingaaing.

Aai Ahmád!  A vaatrulaaiing aang nu adu Naan a Nakmai, ma xa vit na roxun taaza a Nakmai, a Xalxaal a Rataamaai xaauling, a Owaari, a Vaanonging sin a mun dikdiking.  Ma a za zak Naan na putkaning na vaiza yaang ‘Alí (Naan bane a Báb), di vaatrulaaiing Naan.  Naan marase xa vaaratunaan sin a Nakmai a mun lus Sina di vaagdul dit falos.
Fakilaan: Naam mun ubina, naagu na varanop pan a los aang a lus sina a Nakmai, di kadaking la maskan a Buk Bayán pana a Maravas ma a Mazampes.  Faaratunaan marase, Naan a Xalxaal zin a mun Wangpaang ma fararing Sina xa malasing a Buk a Xulmu, tamon gu mazaam fatulumin.

Malasing ka naan ma Roxis ka rataangis put si nim la maskan a rarawa na puru na xayaas ka luyaasaat.  Naan ka na vangai lis be a doring maravas.  Nis ka saxot, tamon gu pe salaai pan a doring aang ka re, a i naxaaming sunum.  Ma tamon nis ka saxot, gu na valos a lan a Piranum.

Aai naam mun ubina!  Tamon nagu pe salaaiing a faraaling aang ka re, pan a zera vaartunaaning marase, ma nagu vaarungtungaai wan a Nakmai, adu?  Nagu na vaabalos laak mazaming akanaan si nim, nim a lemlem a tokmaani!

Kaarif marase.  Pan a izina a rolangaanagu ka i zi la mitna, ka vit dit faraxaas, ma di na yalaxaaf saait.  Tamon di na ruvara xulmul ka na vit saait.  Aai Ahmád! Gu na pen naxaam pizin a mun taagonaaing Surugu la raan ga malak.  Naxaam a mun taan Surugo la maskan a mun taan sunum, ma gu zuaai a gof ma dit fakauin pizin Ni la maskan a puru na xayaas ka luyaasaat.  Gu na karat pan a vaat pan a olavaaiing pa Ni, ma gu na maska magala, tamon a mun rerewarak di tangin nu, ma tamon a mun liaa ma mun rouzaat la pira di na waramin nu.

Gu na malasing a minminingit a uvara zin a mun rerewarak Surugo ma gu na malasing a daanim saal si naande nis Ga nei naande. 

Ma xa vit di sasaxot naande di pesalaaiing Ni. Ma tamon gu na puru la waanago ma tamon di tuaaiing nu wan a Izanagu, gu na pen i naxam dudu. 

La waan a Nakmai, a Nakmainum ma a Piraan a xulmunum.  A vuna a ze a ubina di tukmaani la laan a nonomaaiing, di nonombe kuna raain faratunaan aang a Nakmai wan a maranaande ma langaring aang pan a langanaande vaatak.  Maam bane Maadi raain naande, malasing bane nu gu mazaam saait.

Malasing a mun i naxam baabaa’ing di balos kol naande ma lamlem naande, xa ruxol naande la laan a Nakmai.  Naan ka zi laaup ma xa lilingaaiing.  Gu na olaving nu vaatak adu faaratunaan marase, naan nis ka rutaawuk fataling a Matmari Daxoing aakare, ma zaait ka rutaawuk fataling a Wangpaang a xulmu ma xa saraxaai la wan a Nakmai la waat a mun daxoing.

Farviraai daxo a Vaaratulaaiing aang ka re, aai Ahmád.  Faaxubul la maskan a mun taan sunum ma tuaa gut lawalaauing naan. Faaratunaan marase, a Nakmai xa na xadaak nis a zak ka vaaxubul, xa na zuruk a vaardaiing masing a zangaaflu varazuaai aliu ma xa rosuk pana a ubina.  A mun daxoing Maadi vakaaf nu wana ka malasing a tagonaaiing ka wut si Maam, ma varamaalufing la raan Maadi zi, kat pat bung si nis saxazaxei la walao naande di xauxaao zaxot.

Pan a Iza na a Nakmai!  Tamon nis ka wizik la maskan a waraing ka vaazalavaai wan a gizing ma xa na vira va’uling naan pan a vaartulaaiing aang ka re pan a vaarungtungaaiing dikdik marase.  A Nakmai xa na wukpizin a i naxam maskalusing Sina, ka na klis fatok a mun maravaning Sina, ma xa na zavgaleou a mun paraing Sina.

Faaratunaan marase, Naan a Baraai a Varamaalufing ma Naan ka i puuk saait.  Saaule Nakmai, a Piraan a mun bikabar vaagdul.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (6 options):

  [1] BH00987 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: Long Obligatory Prayer
      First: * Whoso wisheth to recite this prayer, let him stand up and turn unto God, and, as he standeth in his place, let him gaze to the right and to the left, as if awaiting the mercy of his Lord, the Most Merciful, the Compassionate. Then let him say:
      Last:  *"The daily obligatory prayers are three in number. ... The believer is entirely free to choose any one of these three prayers, but is under the obligation of reciting either one of them, and in accordance with any specific directions with which they may be accompanied." - from a letter written on behalf of Shoghi Effendi "By 'morning,' 'noon' and 'evening,' mentioned in connection with the Obligatory Prayers, is meant respectively the intervals between sunrise and noon, between noon and sunset, and from sunset till two hours after sunset." - Synopsis and Codification of the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, p. 36

  [2] BH01026 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: *“Study the Tablet of the Holy Mariner that ye may know the truth, and consider that the Blessed Beauty hath fully foretold future events. Let them who perceive, take warning!”  —‘Abdu’l-Bahá
      Last:  Glorified be our Lord, the Most High!

  [3] AB00527 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is God!
      Last:  The glory of glories rest upon them that are fast and firm.

  [4] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [5] BH00687 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: In the Name of God, the Most Ancient, the Most Great.
      Last:  Should all the servants read and ponder this, there shall be kindled in their veins a fire that shall set aflame the worlds.

  [6] BH03447 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: Medium Obligatory Prayer
      First: * Whoso wisheth to pray, let him wash his hands, and while he washeth, let him say:
      Last:  *"The daily obligatory prayers are three in number. ... The believer is entirely free to choose any one of these three prayers, but is under the obligation of reciting either one of them, and in accordance with any specific directions with which they may be accompanied." - from a letter written on behalf of Shoghi Effendi "By 'morning,' 'noon' and 'evening,' mentioned in connection with the Obligatory Prayers, is meant respectively the intervals between sunrise and noon, between noon and sunset, and from sunset till two hours after sunset." - Synopsis and Codification of the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, p. 36

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1044] Prayer UUID: 49c0f18dfae0

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10703RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord! Make this youth radiant and confer Thy bounty upon this poor creature. Bestow upon him knowledge, grant him added strength at the break of every morn and guard him within the shelter of Thy protection so that he may be freed from error, may devote himself to the service of Thy Cause, may guide the wayward, lead the hapless, free the captives and awaken the heedless, that all may be blessed with Thy remembrance and praise. Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1045] Prayer UUID: 4a0206321b4c

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [2] BH00870 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Healer, the Sufficer, the Helper, the All-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.
      Last:  Thou art verily the Powerful, the All-Sufficing, the Healing, the Protector, the Giving, the Compassionate, the All-Generous, the All-Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1046] Prayer UUID: 540493db-5e7d-43e9-b522-56718993583b

FULL TEXT (wam):
## BAIGAN U'URAEWA
* Unity Prayer

Maman!  Maman! Nao gega taine nagire tobot ta amba Ge nao Gega kanamawa pauwa mega to ewam.  Kakae Ge iup gega ae amat ta kakayasep amba ewap amop.  Wat ago tamo, Maman! Wat bemak mun amba aro muna Ge nao Gega tap. Maman!  Mugenat ae eya vemo, go mu ap muga Ge dun ganat Ge asik gega gapan wat aipagam mum.  Ipiri, Ge gegenat mu Ago mugawa amba Ayop mugawa.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] ABU0268AME (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  This gathering is turning to Thee.  These hearts are radiant with Thy love.  These minds and spirits are exhilarated by the message of Thy glad-tidings.  O God!  Let this American democracy become glorious in spiritual degrees even as it has aspired to material degrees, and render this just government victorious.  Confirm this revered nation to upraise the standard of the oneness of humanity, to promulgate the Most Great Peace, to become thereby most glorious and praiseworthy among all the nations of the world.  O God! This American nation is worthy of Thy favors and is deserving of Thy mercy.  Make it precious and near to Thee through Thy bounty and bestowal.

  [2] ABU0394GAT (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord!  This gathering is turning to Thee.  These hearts are radiant with Thy love.  These minds and spirits are exhilarated by the message of Thy glad-tidings.  O God!  Let this American democracy become glorious in spiritual degrees even as it has aspired to material degrees, and render this just government victorious.  Confirm this revered nation to upraise the standard of the oneness of humanity, to promulgate the Most Great Peace, to become thereby most glorious and praiseworthy among all the nations of the world.  O God! This American nation is worthy of Thy favors and is deserving of Thy mercy.  Make it precious and near to Thee through Thy bounty and bestowal.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1047] Prayer UUID: 5717420e8354

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB02304TST (Confidence: %!d(float64=40)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Eternal, the One, the Single, the All-Possessing, the Most Exalted.
      Last:  *43.    This selection, with the exception of the invocation, was first published in Tablets of Bahá’u’lláh Revealed after the Kitáb-i-Aqdas.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1048] Prayer UUID: 602e30326c3e

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH10505 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God!  O my God!  Unite the hearts of Thy servants, and reveal to them Thy great purpose.  May they follow Thy commandments and abide in Thy law.  Help them, O God, in their endeavor, and grant them strength to serve Thee.  O God!  Leave them not to themselves, but guide their steps by the light of Thy knowledge, and cheer their hearts by Thy love.  Verily, Thou art their Helper and their Lord.
      Last:  *(From a letter dated 26 July 2012 written on behalf of the Universal House of Justice to an individual believer)

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1053] Prayer UUID: 6a9391009643

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00870 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: He is the Healer, the Sufficer, the Helper, the All-Forgiving, the All-Merciful.
      Last:  Thou art verily the Powerful, the All-Sufficing, the Healing, the Protector, the Giving, the Compassionate, the All-Generous, the All-Merciful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1054] Prayer UUID: 6d91edc3-4f70-4d3c-919e-bff1a1717680

FULL TEXT (wam):
Goretsia izan bedi Zure Izena, ene Jainkoa eta gauza guztien Jainkoa, ene Aintza eta izaki guztien Aintza, ene nahia eta izaki guztien Nahia, ene Indarra eta izaki guztien Indarra, neure Erregea eta izaki guztien Erregea, neure Jabea eta gauza guztien Jabea, ene Jomuga eta izaki guztien Jomuga, neure Bultzatzailea eta gauza guztien Bultzatzailea.

Zure emaitza gurien itsasotik baztertzen ez nazazu utzi, ez eta Zure hurbiltasun ibarretik urruntzen ere, arren dagizut. Zugandik at ezer ez zait onuratsu, ene Jainkoa, eta Zu ez beste izakiren hurbiltasunak ez dit onik egiten. Zeure izatea ez den beste guztia utzi ahal izatea bideratzen dizun Zeure aberastasun oparoaren izenean arren dagizut, Zuganantz arpegia itzuli eta otsein izateko jaiki direnen artean hartu nazazula. Barkatu beraz, ene Jauna, Zeure otseinei. Zeu zara, benetan, barkatzen duzuna, Errukiorrena.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1055] Prayer UUID: 6f072cbc-6c76-4b13-80f0-dbf3e3408b6f

FULL TEXT (wam):
Goratua izan bedi Zure Izena, ene Jainko Jauna! Sorturiko guztiak gurtzen zaituena eta inor gurtzen ez Duzuna zara Zu, izaki guztien jauna izanik ezeren menpeko ez Zarena, den guztia ezagutzen duzularik inork ezagutzen ez Zaituena. Zeuk nahi izan zenuen gizakien ezaguna izatea; beraz, Zeure ahotiko hitz baten bidez izadia irazan zenuen eta munduari izatea eman zenion. Ez dago Zeu beste Jainkorik, Egilea, Sortzailea, Ahalguztiduna, Indartsuena. Zeure nahiaren ortzemugatik dizdiratu duen hitz honexen bidez, arren dagizut Jauna, bizitz-uretatik oparo edaten utzi diezadazun, edonoiz eta edozein egoeratan neure arpegia Zuganantz itzuli ahal dezadan, ur horren bidez Zeure aukeratuen bihotzak bizierazi eta maite zaituenen arimak bizkortu bait dituzu. Ahaltasunezko, aintzazko eta ontasunezko Jainkoa Zeu zara. Ez dago Zeu beste Jainkorik, Gorengo Nagusia, Aintzaguztiduna, Orojakituna.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (10 options):

  [1] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [2] BH08433 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Magnified be Thy name, O my God, for that Thou hast manifested the Day which is the King of Days, the Day which Thou didst announce unto Thy chosen Ones and Thy Prophets in Thy most excellent Tablets, the Day whereon Thou didst shed the splendor of the glory of all Thy names upon all created things.  Great is his blessedness whosoever hath set himself towards Thee, and entered Thy presence, and caught the accents of Thy voice.
      Last:  Since Thou hast guided them, O my Lord, unto the living waters of Thy grace, grant, by Thy bounty, that they may not be kept back from Thee; and since Thou hast summoned them to the habitation of Thy throne, drive them not out from Thy presence, through Thy loving-kindness. Send down upon them what shall wholly detach them from aught else except Thee, and make them able to soar in the atmosphere of Thy nearness, in such wise that neither the ascendancy of the oppressor nor the suggestions of them that have disbelieved in Thy most august and most mighty Self shall be capable of keeping them back from Thee.

  [3] BB00554 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord, my Best Beloved!  Make me steadfast in Thy Cause, and grant that I may be reckoned among those who have not violated Thy Covenant nor followed the gods of their own idle fancy.
      Last:  Grant, O my God, that I may not be reckoned among those whose ears are deaf, whose eyes are blind, whose tongues are speechless and whose hearts have failed to comprehend.  Deliver me, O Lord, from the fire of ignorance and of selfish desire, suffer me to be admitted into the precincts of Thy transcendent mercy and send down upon me that which Thou hast ordained for Thy chosen ones.  Potent art Thou to do what Thou willest.  Verily, Thou art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [4] BH07426DRE (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou, at Whose dreadful majesty all things have trembled, in Whose grasp are the affairs of all men, towards Whose grace and mercy are set the faces of all Thy creatures!  I entreat Thee, by Thy Name which Thou hast ordained to be the spirit of all names that are in the kingdom of names, to shield us from the whisperings of those who have turned away from Thee, and have repudiated the truth of Thy most august and most exalted Self, in this Revelation that hath caused the kingdom of Thy names to tremble.
      Last:  Thou art, in truth, the God of power, of strength and glory.

  [5] BH00053MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I magnify Thy Name, O my God, and offer thanksgiving unto Thee, O my Desire, inasmuch as Thou hast enabled me to clearly perceive Thy straight Path, hast unveiled Thy Great Announcement before mine eyes and hast aided me to set my face towards the Dayspring of Thy Revelation and the Fountainhead of Thy Cause, whilst Thy servants and Thy people turned away from Thee.  I entreat Thee, O Lord of the Kingdom of eternity, by the shrill voice of the Pen of Glory, and by the Burning Fire which calleth aloud from the verdant Tree, and by the Ark which Thou hast specially chosen for the people of Bahá, to grant that I may remain steadfast in my love for Thee, be well pleased with whatsoever Thou hast prescribed for me in Thy Book and may stand firm in Thy service and in the service of Thy loved ones.  Graciously assist then Thy servants, O my God, to do that which will serve to exalt Thy Cause and will enable them to observe whatsoever Thou hast revealed in Thy Book.
      Last:  Verily Thou art the Lord of Strength, Thou art potent to ordain whatsoever Thou willest and within Thy grasp Thou holdest the reins of all created things.  No God is there but Thee, the All-Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [6] BH00005SEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Thou seest me, O my Lord, with my face turned towards the heaven of Thy bounty and the ocean of Thy favor, withdrawn from all else beside Thee.  I ask of Thee, by the splendors of the Sun of Thy revelation on Sinai, and the effulgences of the Orb of Thy grace which shineth from the horizon of Thy Name, the Ever-Forgiving, to grant me Thy pardon and to have mercy upon me.  Write down, then, for me with Thy pen of glory that which will exalt me through Thy Name in the world of creation.  Aid me, O my Lord, to set myself towards Thee, and to hearken unto the voice of Thy loved ones, whom the powers of the earth have failed to weaken, and the dominion of the nations has been powerless to withhold from Thee, and who, advancing towards Thee, have said: “God is our Lord, the Lord of all who are in heaven and all who are on earth!”

  [7] BH08822 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glorified art Thou, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Him Who is Thy Most Great Name, Who hath been sorely afflicted by such of Thy creatures as have repudiated Thy truth, and Who hath been hemmed in by sorrows which no tongue can describe, to grant that I may remember Thee and celebrate Thy praise, in these days when all have turned away from Thy beauty, have disputed with Thee, and turned away disdainfully from Him Who is the Revealer of Thy Cause.  None is there, O my Lord, to help Thee except Thine own Self, and no power to succor Thee save Thine own power.
      Last:  I entreat Thee to enable me to cleave steadfastly in Thy love and Thy remembrance.  This is, verily, within my power, and Thou art the One that knoweth all that is in me.  Thou, in truth, art knowing, apprised of all.  Deprive me not, O my Lord, of the splendors of the light of Thy face,whose brightness hath illuminated the whole world.  No God is there beside Thee, the Most Powerful, the All-Glorious, the Ever-Forgiving.

  [8] BH08363 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, Who art the Author of all Manifestations, the Source of all Sources, the Fountainhead of all Revelations, and the Wellspring of all Lights!  I testify that by Thy Name the heaven of understanding hath been adorned, and the ocean of utterance hath surged, and the dispensations of Thy providence have been promulgated unto the followers of all religions.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art the God of strength and power, Who art meet to answer them that pray Thee.  There is no God save Thee, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [9] BB00621 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised and glorified art Thou, O God!  Grant that the day of attaining Thy holy presence may be fast approaching.  Cheer our hearts through the potency of Thy love and good-pleasure, and bestow upon us steadfastness that we may willingly submit to Thy Will and Thy Decree. Verily, Thy knowledge embraceth all the things Thou hast created or wilt create, and Thy celestial might transcendeth whatsoever Thou hast called or wilt call into being.  There is none to be worshiped but Thee, there is none to be desired except Thee, there is none to be adored besides Thee and there is naught to be loved save Thy good-pleasure.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the supreme Ruler, the Sovereign Truth, the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [10] BH08242 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I implore Thee, by Thy Name which none hath befittingly recognized, and whose import no soul hath fathomed; I beseech Thee, by Him Who is the Fountainhead of Thy Revelation and the Dayspring of Thy signs, to make my heart to be a receptacle of Thy love and of remembrance of Thee.  Knit it, then, to Thy most great Ocean, that from it may flow out the living waters of Thy wisdom and the crystal streams of Thy glorification and praise.
      Last:  Thou, verily, art the Most Powerful, the Most High, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1060] Prayer UUID: 894481d7-bf22-4795-bf00-1d5ed4f5e6be

FULL TEXT (wam):
Zeuk sortu duzu gizarte osoa, jatorri bereko gurasoengandik, eta zeuk erabakia da, guztiak etxe berekoak izan daitezela. Zure arpegi sakratuaren aurrean, guztiak Zure otsein dira eta gizarte osoa Zure bizitagian estalperatzen da. Zure Ontasunezko mahaiaren inguru bildu dira guztiak; eta Zure ardurazko argiaren bidez dizdirati bihurtzen dira guztiak. Ene Jainkoa!

Guztientzat emankorra zara Zu, guztientzat ardura izan duzu Zuk, guztiei babespea ematen diezu Zuk, guztiak bizierazten dituzu Zuk. Asmamen eta gaitasunez hornitu dituzu guztiak eta bakoitza; Zure Emaitzaren itsasoan murgildurik dagoz guztiak. Jaun onbera Hori! Alkartu itzazu guztiak. Sineskera oro bateratu daitezela egizu. Nazio guztiekin bat bakarra egizu, sendi bakartzat izan dezaten beren burua, eta lurbira osoa etxe bakar bat balitz bezala egizu. Adiskidetasun egokian alkartu bitez. Ene Jainkoa! Gizarte batuaren ikurrina goratu ezazu. Ene Jainkoa! Bakerik Handiena irazan ezazu. Ene Jainkoa! Bihotz guztiak alkartu itzazu. Aita onbera zaren Jainkoa! Zure maitasunezko lurrinez poztu itzazu bihotzak. Zure Bidargiz argitu itzazu begiak. Zure Hitzaren soinuz gozatu itzazu belarriak, eta Zure Arduratasunezko Gazteluan babesperatu gaitzazu guztiok. Zeu zara Indartsua eta Ahaltsua! Zeu zara Barkatzen Duzuna eta Zeu zara gizarte osoaren zabarkeriak pairatzen Dituena.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (4 options):

  [1] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

  [2] BB00001ABI (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      [English reference not found]

  [3] ABU0030SHE (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou forgiving Lord!  Thou art the shelter of all these Thy servants.  Thou knowest the secrets and art aware of all things.  We are all helpless, and Thou art the Mighty, the Omnipotent.  We are all sinners, and Thou art the Forgiver of sins, the Merciful, the Compassionate.  O Lord!  Look not at our shortcomings.  Deal with us according to Thy grace and bounty.  Our shortcomings are many, but the ocean of Thy forgiveness is boundless.  Our weakness is grievous, but the evidences of Thine aid and assistance are clear.  Therefore, confirm and strengthen us.  Enable us to do that which is worthy of Thy holy Threshold.  Illumine our hearts, grant us discerning eyes and attentive ears.  Resuscitate the dead and heal the sick.  Bestow wealth upon the poor and give peace and security to the fearful. Accept us in Thy kingdom and illumine us with the light of guidance. Thou art the Powerful and the Omnipotent.  Thou art the Generous. Thou art the Clement.  Thou art the Kind.

  [4] AB00044PRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou Provider! Thou hast breathed over the friends in the West the sweet fragrance of the Holy Spirit, and with the light of divine guidance Thou hast lit up the western sky. Thou hast made those who were once remote to draw near unto Thyself; Thou hast turned strangers into loving friends; Thou hast awakened those who slept; Thou hast made the heedless mindful.
      Last:  Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful, and Thou art the God of strength, the Omnipotent, the All-Seeing.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1062] Prayer UUID: 92bead1781c2

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (5 options):

  [1] AB10714 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind Lord! These lovely children are the handiwork of the fingers of Thy might and the wondrous signs of Thy greatness. O God! Protect these children, graciously assist them to be educated and enable them to render service to the world of humanity. O God! These children are pearls, cause them to be nurtured within the shell of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the Bountiful, the All-Loving.

  [2] AB00184KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Let the spreaders of the fragrances of God recite this prayer every morning:
      Last:  O Lord! I am weak, strengthen me with Thy power and potency. My tongue falters, suffer me to utter Thy commemoration and praise. I am lowly, honor me through admitting me into Thy kingdom. I am remote, cause me to approach the threshold of Thy mercifulness. O Lord! Make me a brilliant lamp, a shining star and a blessed tree, adorned with fruit, its branches overshadowing all these regions. Verily, Thou art the Mighty, the Powerful and Unconstrained.

  [3] AB02825 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise and glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  This is a choice sapling which Thou hast planted in the meads of Thy love and hast nurtured with the fingers of Thy Lordship.  Thou hast watered it from the well-spring of everlasting life which streameth forth from the gardens of Thy oneness and Thou hast caused the clouds of Thy tender mercy to shower Thy favors upon it.  It hath now grown and developed beneath the shelter of Thy blessings which are manifest from the Dayspring of Thy divine essence.  It hath burst forth into leaves and blossoms, is laden with fruit through the providence of Thy wondrous gifts and bounties and is stirred by the fragrant breeze wafting from the direction of Thy loving-kindness.
      Last:  Thou art the All-Powerful, the All-Glorious, the Omnipotent.

  [4] ABU0095KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou forgiving God! These servants are turning to Thy kingdom and seeking Thy grace and bounty. O God! Make their hearts good and pure in order that they may become worthy of Thy love. Purify and sanctify the spirits that the light of the Sun of Reality may shine upon them. Purify and sanctify the eyes that they may perceive Thy light. Purify and sanctify the ears in order that they may hear the call of Thy kingdom.
      Last:  Thou art the Powerful the Omnipotent, the Merciful, and Thou art the Generous, the Beneficent, the Lord of grace abounding.

  [5] AB04620 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Prayer to be said at the close of the meeting of the Spiritual Assembly.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Merciful.  Thou art the Possessor of great bounty, and, verily, Thou art the Clement and the Gracious.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1063] Prayer UUID: a03e9f60-4bcc-471f-b18b-f102202b1986

FULL TEXT (wam):
Ao Anij, Eo ij kabun im kautiej E, ao King, Eo buruo eaikuiji ! Loo, ta emaron kwalok ainikien kamolol ko ao nan Yuk? Iar jerata im jol, Kwar karuj io, iar einwot juon eo emij, Kwar kemour io kin dren kwojarjar eo Am ejelok jemlokin im emoj an tor tok jen Naan in tiriamo eo Am elab.

Dri onake Eo ekwojarkar! Aolep menin komanman rar walok jen kejramon eo Am; jab drebij ir jen dren ko drenin jouij eo Am, ak jen lomoto in tiriamo eo Am. Ij badrikdrik im kajitok Ibbam nan jiban io ilo aolep ien im ilo aolep wewen ko, im bukot jen lan in tiriamo eo Am konan eo Am jen etto. Kwe ilo mol Iroij in jouij im Utiej tata an ailin in iroij eo ejelok jemlokin

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (5 options):

  [1] BH04990 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: For Infants
      First: Thou art He, O my God, through Whose names the sick are healed and the ailing are restored, and the thirsty given drink and the sore vexed are tranquillized, and the wayward are guided, and the abased are exalted, and the poor are enriched, and the ignorant are enlightened, and the gloomy are illumined, and the sorrowful are cheered, and the chilled are warmed, and the downtrodden are raised up.  Through Thy name, O my God, all created things were stirred up, and the heavens were spread, and the earth was established, and the clouds were raised and made to rain upon the earth.  This, verily, is a token of Thy grace unto all Thy creatures.
      Last:  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy name through which Thou didst manifest Thy Godhead, and didst exalt Thy Cause above all creation, and by each of Thy most excellent titles and most august attributes, and by all the virtues wherewith Thy transcendent and most exalted Being is extolled, to send down this night from the clouds of Thy mercy the rains of Thy healing upon this suckling, whom Thou hast related unto Thine all-glorious Self in the kingdom of Thy creation. Clothe him, then, O my God, by Thy grace, with the robe of well-being and health, and guard him, O my Beloved, from every affliction and disorder, and from whatever is obnoxious unto Thee.  Thy might, verily, is equal to all things.  Thou, in truth, art the Most Powerful, the Self-Subsisting.  Send down, moreover, upon him, O my God, the good of this world and of the next, and the good of the former and latter generations.  Thy might and Thy wisdom are, verily, equal unto this.

  [2] BH09855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! Graciously grant that this infant be fed from the breast of Thy tender mercy and loving providence and be nourished with the fruit of Thy celestial trees. Suffer him not to be committed to the care of anyone save Thee, inasmuch as Thou, Thyself, through the potency of thy sovereign will and power, didst create and call him into being. There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing.
      Last:  Lauded art Thou, O my Best Beloved, waft over him the sweet savors of Thy transcendent bounty and the fragrances of Thy holy bestowals. Enable him then to seek shelter beneath the shadow of Thy most exalted Name, O Thou Who holdest in Thy grasp the kingdom of names and attributes. Verily, Thou art potent to do what Thou willest, and Thou art indeed the Mighty, the Exalted, the Ever-Forgiving, the Gracious, the Generous, the Merciful.

  [3] BH08855 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy name, O my God and the God of all things, my Glory and the Glory of all things, my Desire and the Desire of all things, my Strength and the Strength of all things, my King and the King of all things, my Aim and the Aim of all things, my Mover and the Mover of all things!  Suffer me not, I implore Thee, to be kept back from the ocean of Thy tender mercies, nor to be far removed from the shores of nearness to Thee.
      Last:  Forgive, then, O my Lord, Thy servants and Thy handmaidens.  Thou, truly, art the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Compassionate.

  [4] BH00223MAG (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Say: Magnified be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  I beseech Thee by Thy Name through which the splendor of the light of wisdom shone resplendent when the heavens of divine utterance were set in motion amidst mankind, to graciously aid me by Thy heavenly confirmations and enable me to extol Thy Name amongst Thy servants.
      Last:  Verily, potent art Thou to do whatsoever Thou willest, and in Thy grasp Thou holdest the kingdom of creation.  There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Wise.

  [5] BH07780 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded be Thy Name, O Lord my God!  I am Thy servant who hath laid hold on the cord of Thy tender mercies, and clung to the hem of Thy bounteousness.  I entreat Thee by Thy name whereby Thou hast subjected all created things, both visible and invisible, and through which the breath that is life indeed was wafted over the entire creation, to strengthen me by Thy power which hath encompassed the heavens and the earth, and to guard me from all sickness and tribulation.  I bear witness that Thou art the Lord of all names, and the Ordainer of all that may please Thee.  There is none other God but Thee, the Almighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.
      Last:  Thou, truly, art the Help in Peril through the power of Thy sovereignty.  No God is there save Thee, the Almighty, the Most Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1064] Prayer UUID: a046bb69-3caa-4dff-8374-2b864ce16c06

FULL TEXT (wam):
Ene Jainkoa! Ez zaitez nigandik urrundu, zoritxarrez inguraturik bait nago. Ene Jainkoa! Ez nazazu bakarrik utzi, ezbeharrik gorrienak heldu dit eta. Zure ontasun maitakorrezko bularretik darion ugatz gardenez edaten emaidazu, egarriz errea bait nago. Zeure errukitasunezko hegoen itzalpean babestu nazazu, ditudan etsai guztiak bat eginik eraso bait naute. Zeure handitasunezko jarlekuaren hurrean jagon nazazu, Zeure aintzaren zantzua agertzen deneko aurrean, ezbeharrak larriki jo nauelako. Zeure erukortasun samurrezko eskuz eskainitako poztasun txolkadaz elikatu nazazu, nahigabe askok gogorki heldu didatelako. Zeure aginte ahalguztidunaren soingaineko azpatuaz jantzi nazazu, txirotasunak bilutsik utzi nauelako. Zeure Betikotasun Usoaren urrugaz gozaturik lo egiten utzi ezadazu, zoritxarrik latzenak heldu zaizkidalako. Zeure batasunaren jarleku aurrean, Zeure arpegiaren edertasun dizdiratien erdian, utzi ezadazu bizitzen, beldurrak eta ikarak zeharo larritu nautelako. Aintzaren lebiatan delakoaren urduritasunari begira, Zeure barkamen itsasoan murgildurik nazazu, neure bekatuek guztiz galdu nautelako.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (11 options):

  [1] AB00128FEE (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God! These are Thy feeble servants; they are Thy loyal bondsmen and Thy handmaidens, who have bowed themselves down before Thine exalted Utterance and humbled themselves at Thy Threshold of light, and borne witness to Thy oneness through which the Sun hath been made to shine in midday splendor. They have listened to the summons Thou didst raise from out Thy hidden Realm, and with hearts quivering with love and rapture, they have responded to Thy call.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the Mighty, the Exalted, the Powerful, He Who alone, in the heavens and on the earth, abideth unchanged. There is none other God save Thee, the Lord of manifest tokens and signs.

  [2] BB00485TRE (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: I am aware, O Lord, that my trespasses have covered my face with shame in Thy presence, and have burdened my back before Thee, have intervened between me and Thy beauteous countenance, have compassed me from every direction and have hindered me on all sides from gaining access unto the revelations of Thy celestial power.
      Last:  O Lord!  If Thou forgivest me not, who is there then to grant pardon, and if Thou hast no mercy upon me who is capable of showing compassion?  Glory be unto Thee, Thou didst create me when I was non-existent and Thou didst nourish me while I was devoid of any understanding.  Praise be unto Thee, every evidence of bounty proceedeth from Thee and every token of grace emanateth from the treasuries of Thy decree.

  [3] AB09139 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God! O my God! This, Thy servant, hath advanced towards Thee, is passionately wandering in the desert of Thy love, walking in the path of Thy service, anticipating Thy favors, hoping for Thy bounty, relying upon Thy kingdom, and intoxicated by the wine of Thy gift. O my God! Increase the fervor of his affection for Thee, the constancy of his praise of Thee, and the ardor of his love for Thee.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Most Generous, the Lord of grace abounding. There is no other God but Thee, the Forgiving, the Merciful.

  [4] AB03896MAJ (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God! O my God! Verily, thy servant, humble before the majesty of Thy divine supremacy, lowly at the door of Thy oneness, hath believed in Thee and in Thy verses, hath testified to Thy word, hath been enkindled with the fire of Thy love, hath been immersed in the depths of the ocean of Thy knowledge, hath been attracted by Thy breezes, hath relied upon his supplications to Thee, and hath been assured of Thy pardon and forgiveness. He hath abandoned this mortal life and hath flown to the kingdom of immortality, yearning for the favor of meeting Thee.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Generous, the Powerful, the Forgiver and the Bestower.

  [5] AB08693 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Peerless Lord!  Be Thou a shelter for this poor child and a kind and forgiving Master unto this erring and unhappy soul.  O Lord!  Though we are but worthless plants, yet we belong to Thy garden of roses. Though saplings without leaves and blossoms, yet we are a part of Thine orchard.  Nurture this plant then through the outpourings of the clouds of Thy tender mercy and quicken and refresh this sapling through the reviving breath of Thy spiritual springtime.  Suffer him to become heedful, discerning and noble, and grant that he may attain eternal life and abide in Thy Kingdom for evermore.

  [6] BH04475 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I beg of Thee by Thy Name through which He Who is Thy Beauty hath been stablished upon the throne of Thy Cause, and by Thy Name through which Thou changest all things, and gatherest together all things, and callest to account all things, and rewardest all things, and preservest all things, and sustainest all things—I beg of Thee to guard this handmaiden who hath fled for refuge to Thee, and hath sought the shelter of Him in Whom Thou Thyself art manifest, and hath put her whole trust and confidence in Thee.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art immensely exalted above all else except Thyself. Thou art, verily, the Healer, the All-Sufficing, the Preserver, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

  [7] BH00554 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God, the God of bounty and mercy! Thou art that King by Whose commanding word the whole creation hath been called into being; and Thou art that All-Bountiful One the doings of Whose servants have never hindered Him from showing forth His grace, nor have they frustrated the revelations of His bounty.
      Last:  Suffer this servant, I beseech Thee, to attain unto that which is the cause of his salvation in every world of Thy worlds.  Thou art, verily, the Almighty, the Most Powerful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

  [8] AB05996 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord, O Thou Whose mercy hath encompassed all, Whose forgiveness is transcendent, Whose bounty is sublime, Whose pardon and generosity are all-embracing, and the lights of Whose forgiveness are diffused throughout the world!  O Lord of Glory!  I entreat Thee, fervently and tearfully, to cast upon Thy handmaiden who hath ascended unto Thee the glances of the eye of Thy mercy.  Robe her in the mantle of Thy grace, bright with the ornaments of the celestial Paradise, and, sheltering her beneath the tree of Thy oneness, illumine her face with the lights of Thy mercy and compassion.
      Last:  Bestow upon Thy heavenly handmaiden, O God, the holy fragrances born of the spirit of Thy forgiveness.  Cause her to dwell in a blissful abode, heal her griefs with the balm of Thy reunion, and, in accordance with Thy will, grant her admission to Thy holy Paradise. Let the angels of Thy loving-kindness descend successively upon her, and shelter her beneath Thy blessed Tree.  Thou art, verily, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous, the All-Bountiful.

  [9] AB07759 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my Lord!  Thou knowest that the people are encircled with pain and calamities and are environed with hardships and trouble.  Every trial doth attack man and every dire adversity doth assail him like unto the assault of a serpent.  There is no shelter and asylum for him except under the wing of Thy protection, preservation, guard and custody.
      Last:  Verily, Thou art the Protector, the Guardian, the Preserver, the Sufficer, and verily, Thou art the Merciful of the Most Merciful.

  [10] BB00018DET (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O my God, my Lord and my Master! I have detached myself from my kindred and have sought through Thee to become independent of all that dwell on earth and ever ready to receive that which is praiseworthy in Thy sight. Bestow on me such good as will make me independent of aught else but Thee, and grant me an ampler share of Thy boundless favors. Verily, Thou art the Lord of grace abounding.

  [11] AB02866 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord, my God and my Haven in my distress!  My Shield and my Shelter in my woes!  My Asylum and Refuge in time of need and in my loneliness my Companion!  In my anguish my Solace, and in my solitude a loving Friend!  The Remover of the pangs of my sorrows and the Pardoner of my sins!
      Last:  Thou art, in all truth, the Gracious, the Glorified, the Mighty, the Omnipotent.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1065] Prayer UUID: a09f8ef89580

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB00774SAB (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Come ye together in gladness unalloyed, and at the beginning of the meeting, recite ye this prayer:
      Last:  O Thou our Provider!  Send down Thine aid, that each one gathered here may become a lighted candle, each one a center of attraction, each one a summoner to Thy heavenly realms, till at last we make this nether world the mirror image of Thy Paradise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1066] Prayer UUID: a0c3cc0a-b9fb-4a00-a684-91019d0a7ed0

FULL TEXT (wam):
Kabin bunten ne ko neem, O Iroij, ilo ial eo Am im kakajur buruem ilo am kibilie nan Kwe. Ukot waj mej ko mejem nan aibuijuij in juon-wot eo Am, im kamononoik einbwinim kin kokkalen juon-wot eo Am jen lan. Kebelbel enbwinim kin nuknuk in jouij eo Am, im jolok jen mejem men ko rej binej kin jerawiwi, im letok nan kim kab in jouij eo Am; bwe aurok ilo aolep men in komanman ren al im nebar Yuk iman utiej im kajur eo Am. Innem Kwon kalikar Yuk, O Iroij, kin tiriamo in naan eo Am im itino in bed eo Am, im bwe kin jar eo ekwojarjar en kokajur jitob ko am— juon jar eo emoj an le ilonin naan ko im leta ko im ellalok ilonin ainikien syllable ko im ainikien ko—bwe aolep men otemjij ren onlok im ejelok mokta jen an walok meram eo Am.

Iroij! Errein dri jerbal ro rej bed wot ilo air bin ilo Bujen im Kallimur eo Am, im rej jirok bin ilo air drebij katak eo Am im rebij torerein nuknuk in kajur im utiej eo Am. Jiban ir, O Iroij, kin jouij eo Am im kabin ir kin kajur eo Am im kakajur ir ilo air kiblie nan Kwe.

Kwe Dri jolok bwid im Dri jouij.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB06211 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Make firm our steps, O Lord, in Thy path and strengthen Thou our hearts in Thine obedience.  Turn our faces toward the beauty of Thy oneness, and gladden our bosoms with the signs of Thy divine unity. Adorn our bodies with the robe of Thy bounty, and remove from our eyes the veil of sinfulness, and give us the chalice of Thy grace; that the essence of all beings may sing Thy praise before the vision of Thy grandeur.  Reveal then Thyself, O Lord, by Thy merciful utterance and the mystery of Thy divine being, that the holy ecstasy of prayer may fill our souls—a prayer that shall rise above words and letters and transcend the murmur of syllables and sounds—that all things may be merged into nothingness before the revelation of Thy splendor.
      Last:  Thou art the Pardoner, the Gracious.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1068] Prayer UUID: a4c85ef3242d

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH00868WIT (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: My God, Whom I worship and adore!  I bear witness unto Thy unity and Thy oneness, and acknowledge Thy gifts, both in the past and in the present.  Thou art the All-Bountiful, the overflowing showers of Whose mercy have rained down upon high and low alike, and the splendors of Whose grace have been shed over both the obedient and the rebellious.
      Last:  All are but poor and needy, and Thou, verily, art the All-Possessing, the All-Subduing, the All-Powerful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1069] Prayer UUID: a5361100-44f6-4c1a-870d-fcb5c25a6fb7

FULL TEXT (wam):
O Anij! Kojelalokjen ajri rein. Ajri rein rej ine in jikin kallib in wijki eo Am, ut ko ilo melaj eo Am, rose ko in jikin kallib eo Am. Komman bwe Am wit en wotlok ioier, komman bwe Al in Mol eo en romak ioier kin yokwe eo Am.

Komman bwe Kituom en kemourur ir bwe ren maron katak, edrok im wonmanlok im bed ilo aibujuij otem aibuijuij. Kwe Dri letok. Kwe Dri tiriamo.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0129EDU (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God!  Educate these children.  These children are the plants of Thine orchard, the flowers of Thy meadow, the roses of Thy garden. Let Thy rain fall upon them; let the Sun of Reality shine upon them with Thy love.  Let Thy breeze refresh them in order that they may be trained, grow and develop, and appear in the utmost beauty.  Thou art the Giver.  Thou art the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1070] Prayer UUID: ad5f7884139e

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0129EDU (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God!  Educate these children.  These children are the plants of Thine orchard, the flowers of Thy meadow, the roses of Thy garden. Let Thy rain fall upon them; let the Sun of Reality shine upon them with Thy love.  Let Thy breeze refresh them in order that they may be trained, grow and develop, and appear in the utmost beauty.  Thou art the Giver.  Thou art the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1072] Prayer UUID: bdc726ec712a

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH07775 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  I have turned in repentance unto Thee, and verily Thou art the Pardoner, the Compassionate.
      Last:  I ask Thee, O Lord of all being and King of the seen and unseen, by Thy power, Thy majesty and Thy sovereignty, to grant that my name may be recorded by Thy pen of glory among Thy devoted ones, them whom the scrolls of the sinful hindered not from turning to the light of Thy countenance, O prayer-hearing, prayer-answering God!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1073] Prayer UUID: c737ef0a-fcc7-4d9b-a0d5-bf9e9df6a52d

FULL TEXT (wam):
## Pule no ka Moana PakÔpika
* Prayer for the Pacific

E ke Akua Hemolele a me ka Mana Loa! E ku'u Akua ˇOlu'olu! E ha'awi mai i ke ikaika nui i hiki ia kakou ke pale aku i na pilikia o ka honua holo'okoa, e ha'awi mai i ka mana nui hekau aku ka ˇale o ko kakou na'au lawelawe e kau aku i ka Moana PakÔpika, e pae aku i na kapa kai o ka Hikina a hiki i ke Komohana.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] ABU0003DIS (Confidence: %!d(float64=20)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God!  Dispel all those elements which are the cause of discord, and prepare for us all those things which are the cause of unity and accord!  O God!  Descend upon us Heavenly Fragrance and change this gathering into a gathering of Heaven!  Grant to us every benefit and every food.  Prepare for us the Food of Love!  Give us the Food of Knowledge!  Bestow on us the Food of Heavenly Illumination!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1074] Prayer UUID: d1f2f654-6080-49b6-9b8b-7b750e9a9618

FULL TEXT (wam):
Jsem ten, ó můj Pane, který k Tobě obrací tvář a upíná naděje na zázraky Tvé milosti a zjevení Tvého dobrodiní. Modlím se k Tobě, Pane, nedopust, abych se odvracel zklamaný ode dveří Tvé milosti a neponechávej mne prosím napospas těm, kteří zavrhli Tvou Věc.

Jsem, ó můj Bože, Tvůj služebník a syn Tvého služebníka. Poznal jsem Tvou pravdu ve Tvých dnech a namířil své kroky ke břehům Tvé jedinosti. Uznávám Tvou jedinečnost, dotvrzuji Tvou jednotu a doufám ve Tvé odpuštění a prominutí. V moci Tvé je činit, jak se Ti zlíbí. Není Boha kromě Tebe, Přeslavného, Vždy Odpouštějícího.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH10581 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praise be unto Thee, O Lord my God!  We have observed the Fast in conformity with Thy bidding and break it now through Thy love and Thy good-pleasure.  Deign to accept, O my God, the deeds that we have performed in Thy path wholly for the sake of Thy beauty with our faces set towards Thy Cause, free from aught else but Thee.  Bestow, then, Thy forgiveness upon us, upon our forefathers, and upon all such as have believed in Thee and in Thy mighty signs in this most great, this most glorious Revelation.  Potent art Thou to do what Thou choosest. Thou art, verily, the Most Exalted, the Almighty, the Unconstrained.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1077] Prayer UUID: d75eba3e4fae

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (8 options):

  [1] BH08594 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Praised be Thou, O Lord my God! I bear witness that from eternity Thou wert exalted in Thy transcendent majesty and might, and wilt to eternity abide in Thy surpassing power and glory. None in the kingdoms of earth and heaven can frustrate Thy purpose; none throughout the realms of revelation and of creation can prevail against Thee. At Thy command Thou doest what Thou willest, and by the power of Thy sovereignty Thou rulest as Thou pleasest.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, XXVIII

  [2] BH11278RIV (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  Make manifest the rivers of Thy sovereign might, that the waters of Thy Unity may flow through the inmost realities of all things, in such wise that the banner of Thine unfailing guidance may be raised aloft in the kingdom of Thy command and the stars of Thy divine splendor may shine brightly in the heaven of Thy majesty.
      Last:  Potent art Thou to do what pleaseth Thee.  Thou, verily, art the Help in Peril, the Self-Subsisting.

  [3] AB00787SPL (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, O Thou Who hast cast Thy splendor over the luminous realities of men, shedding upon them the resplendent lights of knowledge and guidance, and hast chosen them out of all created things for this supernal grace, and hast caused them to encompass all things, to understand their inmost essence, and to disclose their mysteries, bringing them forth out of darkness into the visible world! “He verily showeth His special mercy to whomsoever He will.”¹
      Last:  *2. Qur'án 55:19-22.

  [4] BH09399 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O my God!  My face hath been set towards Thy face, and my face is, verily, Thy face, and my call is Thy call, and my Revelation Thy Revelation, and my self Thy Self, and my Cause Thy Cause, and my behest Thy behest, and my Being Thy Being, and my sovereignty Thy sovereignty, and my glory Thy glory, and my power Thy power.
      Last:  No God is there but Thee, the Almighty, the Most Exalted, the All-Glorious, the Self-Subsisting.

  [5] BH09024 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Many a chilled heart, O my God, hath been set ablaze by the fire of Thy Cause, and many a slumberer hath been wakened by the sweetness of Thy voice.  How many are the strangers who have sought shelter beneath the shadow of the tree of Thy oneness, and how numerous the thirsty ones who have panted after the fountain of Thy living waters in Thy days!
      Last:  Thy might, in truth, is equal to all things.

  [6] AB00204PRO (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind and loving Providence!  The east is astir and the west surgeth even as the eternal billows of the sea.  The gentle breezes of holiness are diffused and, from the Unseen Kingdom, the rays of the Orb of Truth shine forth resplendent.  The anthems of divine unity are being chanted and the ensigns of celestial might are waving.  The angelic Voice is raised and, even as the roaring of the leviathan, soundeth the call to selflessness and evanescence.  The triumphal cry Yá Bahá’u’l-Abhá resoundeth on every side, and the call Yá ‘Alíyyu’l-‘Alá¹ ringeth throughout all regions.  No stir is there in the world save that of the Glory of the One Ravisher of Hearts, and no tumult is there save the surging of the love of Him, the Incomparable, the Well-Beloved.
      Last:  * 1. O Thou the Exalted, the Most Exalted!

  [7] AB00065KIN (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God, my God!  Praise be unto Thee for kindling the fire of divine love in the Holy Tree on the summit of the loftiest mount: that Tree which is “neither of the East nor of the West,”¹ that fire which blazed out till the flame of it soared upward to the Concourse on high, and from it those realities caught the light of guidance, and cried out: “Verily have we perceived a fire on the slope of Mount Sinai.”²
      Last:  *3. Qur’án 76:5.

  [8] BH10076 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord, my God!  This is a child that hath sprung from the loins of one of Thy servants to whom Thou hast granted a distinguished station in the Tablets of Thine irrevocable decree in the Books of Thy behest.
      Last:  I beseech Thee by Thy name, whereby everyone is enabled to attain the object of his desire, to grant that this child may become a more mature soul amongst Thy servants; cause him to shine forth through the power of Thy name, enable him to utter Thy praise, to set his face towards Thee and to draw nigh unto Thee.  Verily it is Thou Who hast, from everlasting, been powerful to do as Thou willest and Who wilt, to eternity, remain potent to do as Thou pleasest.  There is none other God but Thee, the Exalted, the August, the Subduer, the Mighty, the All-Compelling.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1078] Prayer UUID: e3b438ab-3c6f-4be3-89ac-e4c93d8327b0
Name: Short Obligatory Prayer

FULL TEXT (wam):
## He Pule Koi Pˆkole
* Short Obligatory Prayer

ˇO wau ko'u ho'ike, e ku'u Akua, nau i hana mai ia'u e ho'omaopopo ia ˇOe a'e ho'omana ia ˇOe. Ke ho'oia'i'o nei wau i kÎia manawa, i ko'u ikaika ˇole a me Kou mana ikaika, i ku'u ˇilihune a i Kou waiwai palena ˇole.

ˇA'ole mea e a'e, ˇO ˇOe wale no e ku'u Akua, he Kokua kokoke i ka wa popilikia, ˇO ˇOe ka mea apau, nau i hana na mea apau.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB10703RAD (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O Lord! Make this youth radiant and confer Thy bounty upon this poor creature. Bestow upon him knowledge, grant him added strength at the break of every morn and guard him within the shelter of Thy protection so that he may be freed from error, may devote himself to the service of Thy Cause, may guide the wayward, lead the hapless, free the captives and awaken the heedless, that all may be blessed with Thy remembrance and praise. Thou art the Mighty and the Powerful.

  [2] ABU0129EDU (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O God!  Educate these children.  These children are the plants of Thine orchard, the flowers of Thy meadow, the roses of Thy garden. Let Thy rain fall upon them; let the Sun of Reality shine upon them with Thy love.  Let Thy breeze refresh them in order that they may be trained, grow and develop, and appear in the utmost beauty.  Thou art the Giver.  Thou art the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1080] Prayer UUID: eb00b58b7e1d

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB10275 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Remove not, O Lord, the festal board that hath been spread in Thy Name, and extinguish not the burning flame that hath been kindled by Thine unquenchable fire. Withhold not from flowing that living water of Thine that murmureth with the melody of Thy glory and Thy remembrance, and deprive not Thy servants from the fragrance of Thy sweet savors breathing forth the perfume of Thy love.
      Last:  Thou art, verily, the One, the Single, the Mighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1081] Prayer UUID: ed800b6c8df4

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] BH04475 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  I beg of Thee by Thy Name through which He Who is Thy Beauty hath been stablished upon the throne of Thy Cause, and by Thy Name through which Thou changest all things, and gatherest together all things, and callest to account all things, and rewardest all things, and preservest all things, and sustainest all things—I beg of Thee to guard this handmaiden who hath fled for refuge to Thee, and hath sought the shelter of Him in Whom Thou Thyself art manifest, and hath put her whole trust and confidence in Thee.
      Last:  Thou, in truth, art immensely exalted above all else except Thyself. Thou art, verily, the Healer, the All-Sufficing, the Preserver, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Merciful.

  [2] AB05996 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Lord, O Thou Whose mercy hath encompassed all, Whose forgiveness is transcendent, Whose bounty is sublime, Whose pardon and generosity are all-embracing, and the lights of Whose forgiveness are diffused throughout the world!  O Lord of Glory!  I entreat Thee, fervently and tearfully, to cast upon Thy handmaiden who hath ascended unto Thee the glances of the eye of Thy mercy.  Robe her in the mantle of Thy grace, bright with the ornaments of the celestial Paradise, and, sheltering her beneath the tree of Thy oneness, illumine her face with the lights of Thy mercy and compassion.
      Last:  Bestow upon Thy heavenly handmaiden, O God, the holy fragrances born of the spirit of Thy forgiveness.  Cause her to dwell in a blissful abode, heal her griefs with the balm of Thy reunion, and, in accordance with Thy will, grant her admission to Thy holy Paradise. Let the angels of Thy loving-kindness descend successively upon her, and shelter her beneath Thy blessed Tree.  Thou art, verily, the Ever-Forgiving, the Most Generous, the All-Bountiful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1083] Prayer UUID: f4ab301df348

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] BH05071 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Lauded and glorified art Thou, O my God!  I entreat Thee by the sighing of Thy lovers and by the tears shed by them that long to behold Thee, not to withhold from me Thy tender mercies in Thy Day, nor to deprive me of the melodies of the Dove that extolleth Thy oneness before the light that shineth from Thy face.  I am the one who is in misery, O God!  Behold me cleaving fast to Thy Name, the All-Possessing.  I am the one who is sure to perish; behold me clinging to Thy Name, the Imperishable.  I implore Thee, therefore, by Thy Self, the Exalted, the Most High, not to abandon me unto mine own self and unto the desires of a corrupt inclination.  Hold Thou my hand with the hand of Thy power, and deliver me from the depths of my fancies and idle imaginings, and cleanse me of all that is abhorrent unto thee.
      Last:  Cause me, then, to turn wholly unto Thee, to put my whole trust in Thee, to seek Thee as my Refuge, and to flee unto Thy face.  Thou art, verily, He Who, through the power of His might, doeth whatsoever He desireth, and commandeth, through the potency of His will, whatsoever He chooseth.  None can withstand the operation of Thy decree; none can divert the course of Thine appointment.  Thou art, in truth, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the Most Bountiful.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1085] Prayer UUID: f686b348-5b93-4e69-9e77-38a9c1eb9902

FULL TEXT (wam):
*Гэтую малітву адкрыў Абдул-Баха. Яна чытаецца ў Яго Усыпальні. Таксама яна прыдатная і для асабістай малітвы.
*Абдул-Баха кажа: "Хто б ні прамаўляў гэтую малітву са сціпласцю і запалам, прынясе задавальненне і радасць сэрцу гэтага слугі; гэта будзе нібыта сустрэча з Ім твар у твар".

Ён Усяслаўны!
О Божа, мой Божа! Сціплы і поўны слёз, я ўздымаю свае ўмольныя рукі да Цябе і пасыпаю свой твар пылам Твайго Парога, што ўзвышаны над ведамі дасведчаных і хвалою ўсіх, хто славіць Цябе. Літасціва паглядзі на Твайго слугу, пакорнага і сціплага каля Тваіх дзвярэй, позіркам вока Тваёй міласэрнасці і акуні яго ў Акіян Тваёй векавечнай міласці.
Госпадзе! Бедны і сціплы слуга Твой, які зачараваны Табой і моліць Цябе, нявольнік у Тваёй руцэ, палымяна молячы Цябе, давяраючы Табе, у слязах перад лікам Тваім, заклікаючы і ўмольваючы Цябе, гаворыць:

О Госпадзе, мой Божа! Дай мне Тваёй міласці служыць тым, каго Ты любіш, умацуй маю залежнасць ад Цябе, азары маё аблічча святлом захаплення ў Тваім двары святасці і святлом малітвы Твайму Царству велічы. Дапамажы мне быць самаадданым каля нябеснага ўваходу ў Тваю браму і вызваліцца ад усяго ў Тваіх свяшчэнных межах. Госпадзе! Дай мне піць з келіха бескарыслівасці; апрані мяне ў яе адзенне і акуні мяне ў яе акіян. Зрабі мяне падобным да пылу на шляху тых, каго Ты любіш, і дазволь мне ахвяраваць сваю душу зямлі, якой надалі высакароднасць сляды выбраннікаў Тваіх на Тваім шляху, о Гасподзь славы ў Вышніх!
З гэтай малітвай Твой слуга звяртаецца да Цябе на золку і ў начны час. Здзейсні жаданне ягонага сэрца, О Госпадзе! Азары ягонае сэрца, узрадуй ягоную душу, запалі ягонае святло, каб ён мог служыць Справе Тваёй і Тваім слугам.
Ты Той, Хто надзяляе, Спагадлівы, Найшчодры, Літасцівы, Міласцівы, Спачувальны.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (2 options):

  [1] AB03082 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: God testifieth to the unity of His Godhood and to the singleness of His own Being. On the throne of eternity, from the inaccessible heights of His station, His tongue proclaimeth that there is none other God but Him. He Himself, independently of all else, hath ever been a witness unto His own oneness, the revealer of His own nature, the glorifier of His own essence. He, verily, is the All-Powerful, the Almighty, the Beauteous.
      Last:  * Prayers and Meditations, LVII

  [2] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1087] Prayer UUID: f76f3ea87ce2

FULL TEXT: [Not found in database]

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] BH00987 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: Long Obligatory Prayer
      First: * Whoso wisheth to recite this prayer, let him stand up and turn unto God, and, as he standeth in his place, let him gaze to the right and to the left, as if awaiting the mercy of his Lord, the Most Merciful, the Compassionate. Then let him say:
      Last:  *"The daily obligatory prayers are three in number. ... The believer is entirely free to choose any one of these three prayers, but is under the obligation of reciting either one of them, and in accordance with any specific directions with which they may be accompanied." - from a letter written on behalf of Shoghi Effendi "By 'morning,' 'noon' and 'evening,' mentioned in connection with the Obligatory Prayers, is meant respectively the intervals between sunrise and noon, between noon and sunset, and from sunset till two hours after sunset." - Synopsis and Codification of the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, p. 36

  [2] BH00778 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: Glory be to Thee, O Lord my God!  These are the days whereon Thou hast bidden all men to observe the Fast, that through it they may purify their souls and rid themselves of all attachment to anyone but Thee, and that out of their hearts may ascend that which will be worthy of the court of Thy majesty and may well beseem the seat of the revelation of Thy oneness.  Grant, O my Lord, that this fast may become a river of life-giving waters and may yield the virtue wherewith Thou hast endowed it.  Cleanse Thou by its means the hearts of Thy servants whom the evils of the world have failed to hinder from turning towards Thine all-glorious Name, and who have remained unmoved by the noise and tumult of such as have repudiated Thy most resplendent signs which have accompanied the advent of Thy Manifestation Whom Thou hast invested with Thy sovereignty, Thy power, Thy majesty and glory.  These are the servants who, as soon as Thy call reached them, hastened in the direction of Thy mercy and were not kept back from Thee by the changes and chances of this world or by any human limitations.
      Last:  Praised be Thou, O my God, inasmuch as Thou hast aided us to recognize and love Him.  I, therefore, beseech Thee by Him and by Them Who are the Daysprings of Thy Divinity, and the Manifestations of Thy Lordship, and the Treasuries of Thy Revelation, and the Depositories of Thine inspiration, to enable us to serve and obey Him, and to empower us to become the helpers of His Cause and the dispersers of His adversaries.  Powerful art Thou to do all that pleaseth Thee.  No God is there beside Thee, the Almighty, the All-Glorious, the One Whose help is sought by all men!

  [3] BH03447 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      Name: Medium Obligatory Prayer
      First: * Whoso wisheth to pray, let him wash his hands, and while he washeth, let him say:
      Last:  *"The daily obligatory prayers are three in number. ... The believer is entirely free to choose any one of these three prayers, but is under the obligation of reciting either one of them, and in accordance with any specific directions with which they may be accompanied." - from a letter written on behalf of Shoghi Effendi "By 'morning,' 'noon' and 'evening,' mentioned in connection with the Obligatory Prayers, is meant respectively the intervals between sunrise and noon, between noon and sunset, and from sunset till two hours after sunset." - Synopsis and Codification of the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, p. 36

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1088] Prayer UUID: f9ecf9d1-8871-4f82-8971-3179bfe3229b

FULL TEXT (wam):
## A Vaaroving i Pana Naande di Waan Fis
* Prayer for the Dead

* Taaza vilaanaande la maskan a xulutung ka na raraf, kun a vaavis- faaruing ma di na ramaraat.

Saaule Nakmai!  Naan ka re a yaanakilaaing Sunum ma a (naat/natif) a kilaaiing Sunum ma xa vaarungtungaai marase wan Nu ma varaxei wan a mun malagaafnum.  Ma xa tabung tutaawok suaai Nu ma xa tukpazak fataling a mun saan singsaxei Nu be nanga.  Faaratunaan marase, Nu a Baraai a Varamaalufing marase wan a mun faramaalufing sin a zanon.

Yaafling sina, ma Gu namtarafing naan kuna xa na puuk pana a mun milunging sina a ubina ma xa na xafun a waraing sin naande.  Fesurunging naan pana a naunaao a raaguling i liaa ma wan a mun faaxaraming sina xu la maskan a magaaf a laman i wan a vakaaf aang Nu.  Falalaxao naan ku la rabaraao xun a tagoning aang naan pan a vuna vaanibuking i mumupis apa liaa.  Ka vit kaarik na roxon taaza a Nakmai na zuaaf Nu.  Nu a Uwaari Gu i puuk pa maam ma Nu a Baraai a i Talasing. 

Alláh-u-Abhá!


Kalxal di vabaraai a Nakmai.
(Di na welanga fazangaaflu ma vizikfaat.)

Alláh-u-Abhá!

Kalxal di varanop pan a Nakmai.
(Fazangaaflu ma vizikfaat.)
Alláh-u-Abhá!

Kalxal di zaxolising di zin a Nakmai.
(Fazangaaflu ma vizikfaat.)

Alláh-u-Abhá!

Kalxal di vaavisfaaru wan a Nakmai.
(Fazangaaflu ma vizikfaat.)

Alláh-u-Abhá!

Kalxal di vaaulaai zin a Nakmai.
(Fazangaaflu ma vizikfaat.)
Alláh-u-Abhá!

Kalxal di zi marangingit saxot a Nakmai. (Fazangaaflu ma vizikfaat.)

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (1 options):

  [1] AB01023SAE (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: * Whenever ye enter the council-chamber, recite this prayer with a heart throbbing with the love of God and a tongue purified from all but His remembrance, that the All-Powerful may graciously aid you to achieve supreme victory.
      Last:  O God, my God!  We are servants of Thine that have turned with devotion to Thy Holy Face, that have detached ourselves from all besides Thee in this glorious Day.  We have gathered in this Spiritual Assembly, united in our views and thoughts, with our purposes harmonized to exalt Thy Word amidst mankind.  O Lord, our God!  Make us the signs of Thy Divine Guidance, the Standards of Thine exalted Faith amongst men, servants to Thy mighty Covenant, O Thou our Lord Most High, manifestations of Thy Divine Unity in Thine Abhá Kingdom, and resplendent stars shining upon all regions.  Lord!  Aid us to become seas surging with the billows of Thy wondrous Grace, streams flowing from Thine all-glorious Heights, goodly fruits upon the Tree of Thy heavenly Cause, trees waving through the breezes of Thy Bounty in Thy celestial Vineyard.  O God!  Make our souls dependent upon the Verses of Thy Divine Unity, our hearts cheered with the outpourings of Thy Grace, that we may unite even as the waves of one sea and become merged together as the rays of Thine effulgent Light; that our thoughts, our views, our feelings may become as one reality, manifesting the spirit of union throughout the world.  Thou art the Gracious, the Bountiful, the Bestower, the Almighty, the Merciful, the Compassionate.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
[1089] Prayer UUID: fb281a87-644d-4bdd-93d8-b1c18f993f64

FULL TEXT (wam):
O Iroij! Komman bwe ajri rein ren menin edrok ko reweppen. Komman bwe ren edrok im wonmanlok ilo jikin kallib in Bujen eo Am, im lelok nan ir mour kaal im aibuijuij jen dren ko rej wotlok tok jen koro ko ilo Abha Kingdom.

O Kwe Iroij in jouij! Na ij juon ajri edrik wot, kautiej io ilo ao drelon waj ilo ailin eo. Na armij in lalin, komman bwe in bok mour in lan; na ij jen lalin, komman bwe in bed ilo jikin eo ilan; dri jerata, komman bwe in romak lok; na menin komanman wot, letok jitob ioo, im komman bwe in kokkalen menin jeramon ko Am ejelok jemlokier.

Kwe Kwokajur, Eo eobrak kin yokwe.

CANDIDATE PHELPS CODES (3 options):

  [1] AB10492 (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O Thou kind lord!
      Last:  Thou art the Bestower, the All-Loving.

  [2] AB04004BAB (Confidence: %!d(float64=30)%, Type: AMBIGUOUS)
      First: O God! Rear this little babe in the bosom of Thy love, and give it milk from the breast of Thy Providence. Cultivate this fresh plant in the rose garden of Thy love and aid it to grow through the showers of Thy bounty. Make it a child of the kingdom, and lead it to Thy heavenly realm. Thou art powerful and kind, and Thou art the Bestower, the Generous, the Lord of surpassing bounty.

  [3] AB10701 (Confidence: %!d(float64=35)%, Type: NEW_TRANSLATION)
      First: O ye two tender plants in the Abhá Paradise!
      Last:  And upon ye be the glory of the Most Glorious.

Selected: ________________
Notes: ___________________________________________________

═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
END OF REPORT
